group_id_text	group_name	group_type	group_keyword	group_members	group_description
the_chronic_pain_couch	The Chronic Pain Couch	Public	 Pain 	628	This is a great site for anyone suffering from Chronic Pain or has a Family Member who suffers. A place where you can tell your story, come for comfort or just want to sit a while.Chronic Pain is debilitating and relentless. It is not prejudice in any way, shape, or form. It can strike without warning and stay for life.The Chronic Pain Couch is a place designed for your comfort. I truly hope that you will come and join us. And there is never a need to worry whether or not your post is heard, we always hear and respond...... We are always here for you.  No Pain, Is Our Aim and Together We CAN Make A Difference in each others lives and how we manage to cope from day to day!Warmest regards,Molly-(Founder of Forum)
prayer_group	Prayer Group	Public	 MedHelp General 	269	I have always thought this place needed a prayer forum. Everyone on this site has rough days from time to time or even all of the time and prayer seems to help me get through my roughest days. Since MedHelp no longer allows religious discussions, that doesn't mean we can't pray for each other and our loved ones. Post your prayers and let the healing begin!
methadone_community	Methadone Community	Public	 Pain 	115	Those who have pain and have to live with it daily. No matter what reason you are on methadone for your welcome here. A place where others can talk and feel they are not alone.
vertigo	VERTIGO	Public	 Neurology 	31	VERTIGO can cause a variety of symptoms.......Vertigo is a treatable condition without the use of drugs.  I am not a physician. I speak only from experience.Some symptoms are: dizzy, vomiting, tiredness, weakness, poor cognition and more.After ruling out other serious conditions, see an ENT specialist.  He/she can diagnose Vertigo in seconds..........He/she can treat Vertigo in minutes with one maneuver called Epley.  There are other maneuvers......this worked for me. Experiencing Vertigo is scary and debilitating. What better than a cure with no pills and only takes minutes?
ttc_over_40	TTC Over 40	Public	 Pregnancy 	387	support group for women who are trying to conceive or have conceived a child over the age of forty
surviving_neurological_limbo_land___no_dx	SURVIVING NEUROLOGICAL LIMBO LAND - NO DX	Public	 Neurology 	498	This is a group for anyone who is currently living in limbo land with a neurological disorder but doesn't have a diagnosis. Many people are living with chronic and disabling neurological problems which mirror such diseases as multiple sclerosis, lupus, M.E., Fibromyalgia, Lymes disease, Vitimin D deficiency, Migraines, Parkinsons yet have no diagnosis and are left to literally struggle on alone.I have set up this group to help support people through their journey, whether its just for a moan, sharing a joke, experiences, advise on how to survive just plain anything.I know there are a lot of us out there.Anyone who feels lost, or needs to share or just wants a big hug please join, there will always be someone to give you support.OUR MOTTO IS:"we are still all in this together..no matter what point of our journey we are in...limbo, dx. or just joining...we are all here for a reason...to seek support, make a friend and find answers..."
mirena_iud_side_effects_support	Mirena IUD Side Effects Support	Public	 Women's Health 	80	A help site for women who have had mirena side effects,lots of mirena horror stories,advice,imformation,help.
hiv_anxiety_support	HIV Anxiety Support	Public	 HIV/STDs 	1069	This support group is for those who are suffering from stress or anxiety associated with uncertain HIV status. HIV anxiety is extremely isolating for those who are going through it, as it is often very difficult to discuss with friends and family members. This group is provided for sufferers of HIV anxiety to discuss their fears in a supportive environment. Those with anxiety over non-HIV STDs are also welcome. For personal advice concerning HIV risk, testing, and prevention, please post in the HIV Prevention Community.
current_events______	Current Events . . .	Public	 MedHelp General 	207	This is a place where we can discuss current events - what happens around the world and is reported in the news.  Healthy debates and discussions regarding issues we feel strongly about will be allowed; however, personal attacks will not be tolerated, nor will threads and/or comments that are argumentative, combative, or offensive. You *must* post a link to your source, or indicate if you heard it on TV, read a magazine/newspaper article, and indicate what radio/TV station, magazine/newspaper or your thread will be deleted. Remember, this is "Current Events", not "Current Arguments".
all_about_tv_shows_and_movies	All about TV Shows and Movies	Public	 MedHelp General 	33	A group to chat about any TV shows and/or Movies.
addiction_recovery_group	ADDICTION RECOVERY GROUP	Public	 Addiction 	230	You have gone threw withdrawl and you are  off  ALL of drugs now.Here comes that hard part staying clean .Long term recovery is hard and takes continous work and support .Learning and dealing with PAWS.Learning what trigger set us off .This is all sort of thing we will dicuss in the group .Avis
granulomatous_mastitis	granulomatous mastitis	Public	 MedHelp General 	166	This group is intended as a meeting place and forum for those who have been diagnosed with granulomatous mastitis ('GM') or idiopathic granulomatous mastitis ('IGM').I think one of the greatest challenges with this disease is its rarity and the associated lack of understanding in the medical community.But we can share here - and hopefully make the healing process a little easier for each other.
recovery_after_vitamin_d_deficiency	recovery after vitamin D deficiency	Public	 Thyroid 	211	Feel free to tell your story,Let's hear your experience.
news_from_the_past_to_the_future_to_share_and_discuss	News from the past to the future to share and discuss	Public	 MedHelp General 	52	Do you have any kind of news--old or new or growing old that you want to share?  Do you want to discuss issues that are of concern in the news?  Do you want to share a perspective on how things are going in our Country, another country?  This group is for covering the whole wide world because everyone is equally important whether we agree or disagree with their beliefs.  The news can include information you want to share that you consider "news" worthy.  If we do quote a news source, let's try to use a legitimate one.  No extreme, shock journalism please.
arachnoiditis_sufferers	Arachnoiditis Sufferers	Public	 Neurology 	20	Arachnoiditis is a rare chronic neuropathic disease that has no cure. If you are looking for others who have this disease, you have found the right place. Take a moment to tell your story. Together we can help each other in our journey with Arachnoiditis.
clomid_club	CLOMID CLUB	Public	 Pregnancy 	246	A group for all the ladies who have been on clomid or are about to start.We can share information about the drug and help and support each other along the way.
ttc_over_45	TTC Over 45	Public	 Pregnancy 	58	For all us woman 45 or almost 45 trying to conceive. Weather it be natural or with the help of fertility treatments.
insomniacs_unite	Insomniacs Unite	Public	 Sleep Disorders 	24	This is a group for anyone who struggles with insomnia, whether it be a once in a great while thing, or a near daily occurrence; whether it be because of chronic pain or illness, or if it's an inability to "turn off your brain" at night.  Hopefully we can all share thoughts, ideas, helpful tips, etc., that may help a fellow insomniac get a few blissful hours of shut-eye.
social_security_disability_or_ssdi	Social Security Disability or SSDI	Public	 General Health 	33	I wanted to start this group to keep in touch with others and to help or get tips from others about SSDI since there isn't a forum for it.Where are you in the filing process? What have you learned or need to know so we can help each other through the long treacherous process.
a_place_to_relax	A place to Relax	Public	 MedHelp General 	71	A place to Relax, is a group for those who wish to take their minds off of their pain, or any other problem life may throw your way, to relax and have fun. You may play games, chat about Tv shows/movies, books, video games, sports, etc. Any topic is allowed to be discussed here, EXCEPT medical issues. Why? Since this group is based on temporarily forgetting the pain/worries of everyday life, and helping you relax, those type of posts are banned. Please feel free to ask me if you have any questions. Thanks for joining! I hope you'll enjoy it here! :)
methadone_and_suboxone_withdrawl_and_addition	Methadone and Suboxone withdrawl and addition	Public	 Addiction 	6	This is a new group started the FIRST DAY OF THE YEAR 2012 started for people that are wanting to get off Methadone and/or Suboxone. Please post your experiences because the worst part of getting clean of these synthetic opiates is "THE UNKNOWN"
embryo_donation	Embryo Donation	Public	 Pregnancy 	6	For those exploring embryo donation to conceive, and women who have completed their families and are thinking about donating their leftover embryos to others.
speak_your_mind	Speak Your Mind	 Private 	 Healthy Living 	9	A place for people with strongly held opinions to discuss whatever is on their minds.  There is plenty in the news to provide fodder for interesting discussion.  This is a place to state your thoughts and ideas.  While current events will probably predominate, we can also revisit interesting topics from the past.  Open communication is encouraged.  If you have a link to a source we would love to see it, but if you want to discuss topics that are not currently in the public eye there's a place for you here too.Its good to be able to say what we think without oppressive rules.  You can do that here.
self_harm_community	Self Harm Community	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	6	This is a group where those struggling with self harm issues can come to be supported in a safe, warm, and supportive environment.  PLEASE NOTE: If there is a possibility that what you write may "trigger" someone, please leave a warning and space in  the title of your post and inside the post itself so that we do not unintentionally trigger others who are vulnerable.
maternity_ward_	Maternity ward 	Public	 Pregnancy 	2	A place where mom to be can come and relax. Take a break from ﻿the day to day stress with friends and vent,  even ask those questions we need answers to. Come on in let's share our pregnant stories and announce ﻿the birth out our little miricals!
birdwatchers_dream	Birdwatchers Dream	Public	 MedHelp General 	12	This is a group for all members who enjoy Birdwatching/Birding. :)
addiction_chat_group	Addiction Chat Group	Public	 Addiction 	378	This is a chat group for anyone who needs to vent about thier problems with addiction to opiates (including methadone), benzos, tranquilizers, sedatives, alcohol, cocaine, methamphetamine and any other drug that is causing you problems in your life or that have become a normal part of your life, like drinking water and eating.
maxilofacial___oral_surgery	Maxilofacial & Oral Surgery	Public	 MedHelp General 	3	Oral surgeries, benign or malignant tumors, reconstructive procedures...etc.
cardiac_syndrome_x__cardiac_microvascular_dysfunction	Cardiac Syndrome X- cardiac microvascular dysfunction	Public	 Heart 	37	Vasopastic angina of small heart vessels with normal coronary arteries confirmed by cardiac cath. Main symptoms are shortness of breath and chest tightness or pain on exertion and/or chest pain, not on exertion.
pregnancy_after_tubal_ligation_surgery	Pregnancy After Tubal Ligation Surgery	Public	 Pregnancy 	116	This site is for all women who have conceived and/or given birth after having any type of tubal ligation surgery.  Please join us and share your experiences.
always_dreaming	Always Dreaming	Public	 Sleep Disorders 	80	This is a group to chat about any dreams you have had while you were sleeping, and/or about lucid dreaming.
ideas_for_economical_living___	Ideas for economical living . 	Public	 MedHelp General 	66	We are all in a tough time in America so it seems a good idea to share tips, ideas, for economical living, how do we afford new 'stuff' and where can we get good 'used stuff '..be interested in any ideas to cope .what may be a long haul.When the going gets tough the tough get going '
___creative_writing_therapy	   creative writing therapy	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	58	This group is for people to write a journal, or thoughts to be viewed by all of us because we are all one together reaching out to each other. We indeed are all on the same ship, sailing through rough waters together,. keeping each other afloat. We will write stories, thoughts ,happenings, it's up to each one of us. By sharing our writings we will grow closer, and anticipate with delight ,or horror or sympathy what each one of us will write next. It's very cleansing. After a few entries, you will notice the creativity will poor out of you.You will also see a big difference in yourself. yours' truly KAVEKLIMBER666
natural_health	Natural Health	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	37	Learn a few tricks to achieve good health by doing simple things and having good lifestyle habits. We are talking natural remedies/supplements, vitamins, nutrition, exercise, naturopathy and herbs with awesome proprieties.A good place for anyone with physical or mental illness or disorder that want to improve their condition or anyone interested in the subjects.
vocal_cord_paralysis	Vocal Cord Paralysis	Public	 MedHelp General 	15	When I was diagnosed with Unilateral Vocal Fold Paralysis a year ago, I found it very difficult to find others who also suffer from this. I was, actually still am devastated as it has affected every aspect of my life, and not for the better :-( I have had two Vocal Fold Augmentations over the last year, just buying time to see if my RLN  would decide to recover. My doctor is now ready to move on to a more permanent solution. I just want to make the best decision, just like I am sure you do. This is where patients sharing there personal experiences with other patients is so critical. Straight information... nothing sugar coated... just the fact. I mean, we are talking about our voice, as well as the rest of our lives! I would love to bring people who suffer from VCP together to share our stories, feelings, experiences, treatment outcomes, etc.
family_members_of_prisoner	family members of prisoner	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	10	family members dealing with a loved one being held in prison.
hcg_protocol_group	HCG Protocol Group	Public	 Healthy Living 	65	This is for People following the Pounds and Inches Protocol. Or working towards a healthier Weight and lower BMI.
_california	 California	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	This is a group for people who live in California to discuss California things.  I would Like this to be a place for People to get support as well as discuss issues that involve California
_cosmetyn_cream	 Cosmetyn Cream	Public	 Diabetes 	1	A regular use of this skin cream will give a Hollywood look for the user. If you want an intensive stretch mark therapy there is nothing better than the Cosmetyn cream. Cosmetyn reviews will vouch for that. Age is not a problem now to have a clear and beautiful skin.Cosmetyn Cream
foot_drop_	Foot Drop 	Public	 Neurology 	48	Foot Drop is a support group. The goal of group is to share information, and connect with others dealing with foot drop. Foot Drop can be caused by stroke, back or spine injury and tumor.
_fibromuscular_dysplasia	 Fibromuscular Dysplasia	Public	 Blood & Vascular 	4	Advocate for FMD, Fibromuscular Dysplasia. Offering support to patients with this rare disease like myself, and others hoping to learn more about FMD.
suboxone_club_	SUBOXONE CLUB 	Public	 Addiction 	65	FOR PEOPLE ON SUBOXONE ONLY
depression_and_anxiety	Depression and Anxiety	Public	 MedHelp General 	54	Group to support and relate to those who are pleagued with these horrible symptoms.  Want to be like a family for those who dont have a family support Group.  Share what has helped and what hasn't
medical_marijuana	medical marijuana	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	5	a group for the discussion of the medical benifits of the "Weed"
maxfacesurgery	maxfacesurgery	Public	 Dental 	2	let us discuss about the oral and maxillofacial surgery and medicine
vbac	vbac	Public	 Pregnancy 	2	this site is for all woman who have had a vbac are is going to have a vbac.
hiv_like_illness__	HIV like illness  	Public	 Infectious Diseases 	11	This Group is for people suffering from undiagnosed list of symptoms after having an exposure with no answers from doctors , symptoms are much the same between people suffering some have more and some got less but they all meet in at least half of the list will be mentioned .this group will give people a hope and tell them that they are not alone and when we reach a good a number of people we can push for starting a research about our medical condition and not only to keep setting and listening to anxiety stories as people other people did ,, we have a faith and tests that proves we are sick from unknown condition and that why we should never stop searching OUR LIFE OUR CHOICE..This illness symptoms are :1) Oral trush on my tongue with red spots 2) Enlargement painful lymph node in armpit , nick and groin area   (CT scan proved ) 3) Skin rashes on the chest and behind my ears 4) fatigue 5) muscle pain and Joints pain6) Dry mouth, Oral ulcers 7) stomach ache 8) abdominal pain 9) chest pain 10) shortness of breathing 11) night swets on the beginning of the illness 12) CD 8 is higher than CD 4  and some times CD 4 is less than normal13) Wight drop at the begging of illness then patient gain some weight after 3 months
dinner_table	dinner table	 Private 	 Diabetes 	7	Fun place to relax, laugh, & share a funny story or a great recipe!
_litigation_stress_syndrome_	 LITIGATION STRESS SYNDROME 	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	2	This is a relatively newly recognized condition. Due to the increasing number of legal actions, especially in the United States, this problem unfortunately will be encountered with increasing frequency. It occurs when a person is named in a lawsuit.A patient may typically report initial shock, dismay, and anger. This is often followed by depressive feelings, especially a feeling of paralysis and lack of power or control over her/his life. Hyperactivity, hyperacute senses and insomnia are common. There is often a feeling of abandonment and aloneness. Despondency can occur, often to the point of self-destructive behavior or even suicide. This is not talked about much but I can personally attest to its effects. Let us know if you are struggling with this as well.
vba3c	VBA3C	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	Talk about Attempts, Success or plan for a VBA3C (vaginal birth after 3 csections)
addiction___spirituality	Addiction : spirituality	Public	 Addiction 	65	Anyone can join this group reagardless of faith, denomination, or religion
adult_novelties	Adult Novelties	 Private 	 Sexual Health 	102	I  ran an adult novelties store for years.I thought I new so much about adult novelties ohhh my was I wrong .There are some great things out there for cpls and just for you .Lets chat compare talk about discussing it with our partners ..    This is going to have to be a private group because of the adult nature you have to be 18 .There will be no pornograpic pictures .Plz this is not a group to try to pick up members and have cyber sex if you do it will be removed and you will be banned.Come check it out and lets talk there are some really cool things out  there .
acdf_with_solis_cage	acdf with solis cage	Public	 Orthopedics 	3	acdf with solis cagei can find loads of information about acdf's with instrumentation, but practically nothing of people with experience of solis cage fusiongive me your experiences
adhd_parents	ADHDParents	 Private 	 Children's Health 	1	Support and Education for parents who have children with AD/HD.
abdominal_adhesions	abdominal adhesions	Public	 Pain 	38	They are bands of scar tissue that form internally within the abdomen.They can attach themselves to anything and they cause very severe pain.They can also cause whatever organ they are attached to to malfunction and can cause bowel obstructions.
adorable_paws	Adorable Paws	Public	 Pets 	44	This is a group to talk about anything relating to dogs such as dog training, dog breeds, etc.
abc_topics_group	ABC Topics Group	Public	 MedHelp General 	9	I thought this group would be a cool idea. The topic for this group changes every two weeks by poll vote. The second topic that was voted in was MOVIES. You may chat about anything relating to movies here until the next topic change on December 4, 2009. If this group sounds interesting to you, please come and check it out. Thanks, I hope you will enjoy it here!!! :) :) :)
addiction_infromation_chat_between_other_addicts_and_support	ADDICTION/INFROMATION/CHAT BETWEEN OTHER ADDICTS AND SUPPORT	Public	 Addiction 	17	CHAT BETWEEN EACH OTHER SHARE STORIES SUPPORT FEELINGS OF RELAPS AND JUST TO TALK
youngmommys	*~YoUnG mOmMyS!~*	Public	 Pregnancy 	45	For moms ages 16-25I was a mom at the age of 16 and I really wanted a group my own age to go to! There isn't one right now so I thought I would start one!
a_walk_down_to_remember	a walk down to remember	Public	 Healthy Living 	3	this group is all those who love traveling and food.Lets share our experiences about all those unforgettable destinations we have been to,and those exotic meals whose aroma still lies in our memories!
addiction_	Addiction 	Public	 Addiction 	37	Need help with Addiction? need help understanding Addiction?? Please join our group! Youve come to the right place!! We will do our very best to help you! All Addicts And Non Addicts Welcomed!!
adult_adhd	Adult ADHD	Public	 General Health 	29	For adults who have ADD/ADHD, suspect they might, or anyone who lives with, loves or works with an ADHD adult! Join us in sharing your experiences, questions, and (especially the tools or strategies you use to perform at your best level).
adhd_adults	ADHD Adults	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	18	A group to gather our thoughts on how ADHD has impacted our lives.
__2010___2011_babies__	* 2010 & 2011 Babies *	Public	 MedHelp General 	3	-This is a group for anyone who has had a baby in 2010 and anyone who has had a baby or is expecting a baby in 2011. Its also a group for the ones who have BOTH! You may write about anything baby related.
adhd_teens_and_young_adults	ADHD teens and young adults	Public	 Diabetes 	6	those that suffering adhd will get helpful advise cause i (stryker0014) am a teen suffering with adhd too
addicted_to_food_food_addics_	ADDICTED TO FOOD/FOOD ADDICS 	Public	 Healthy Living 	9	LIKE YOU WOULD SEE ON  THE OWN NETWORK  ~Addicted to food! 12 step program ! LETS TALK & HELP EACH OTHER!
adault_adhd	Adault ADHD	 Private 	 Mental/Emotional Health 	2	Tips for people with ADHD
abortion	abortion/termination	Public	 MedHelp General 	12	if you are considering, have gone through already or want to support someone going through a termination; here is a place you can talk openly about your beliefs, personal experiences and need for support through this controversial procedure. As well its after effects on both men and women pro life or pro choice welcome (no arguments here please.)We are all human beings and everyone needs support the following.thanks, sincerely group owner
addiction_and_the_road_to_recovery	Addiction and the road to recovery	Public	 Addiction 	2	What every you addiction is there is hope but dont try to do it ALONE!
addiction_to_gay_porn	addiction to gay porn	Public	 Addiction 	1	Boyfriend addicted to gay porn and masturbation
addicted_to_pills	Addicted to pills	Public	 Addiction 	9	This group is for those of us who are addicted to Percocet, Vicodin, Norco, etc. and want to be free of these drugs, but need some support.
10__club_	10% Club 	 Private 	 Healthy Living 	3	Trying to lose 10% and lead a healthy life!
_mothers_and_the_balance_of_a_stressful_life_	 Mothers and the balance of a stressful life 	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	6	Life is Stressful, making all the list, filling out all the paper work, cleaning all the things, and raising the children. Lets face it- We women have a busy life, eventful and most times stressful . I myself am a full time college student and a single mother of two young kids. Life can just become so overwhelming and Being able to cope is vital for our own health. Join the group to talk with others, share information, being either advice on parenting, the life of a single parent, or the overwhelming work of a full time student. Some one to chat with, or share your coping methods. how do you balance life? Seek support from others or be supportive.
22q11_2	22q11.2	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	vcfs..22q11.2..is a genetic syndrome which in itself is rare but with so many many further complications...these include,developemental delay,cardiac problems,learning difficulties,bowel conditions,muscle problems,ear nose and throat..sleep problems.breathing difficulties,..unfortunately..the list is endless..but awareness is priority..
adults_with_adhd	Adults with ADHD	Public	 Healthy Living 	1	Comment on the challenges of leading a life wuth ADHD. Particularly if diagnosed as an adult. Sharing possible tips for leading a happier organized life style.
animal_lovers_group	Animal Lovers Group	Public	 Pets 	158	This is a group for anyone who has a strong love of animals. Members of this group may chat about daily happenings related to animals, pets, etc.
anxiety_disorder	Anxiety Disorder	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	142	Suffering from frequent panic attacks? You're not alone.
any_wow_addicts_out_there	Any wow addicts out there	Public	 Addiction 	9	world of warcraft addicts
any_video_gamers_here	Any Video Gamers Here	Public	 MedHelp General 	31	This is a group for anyone who loves to play any kinds of Video Games, and/or PC games.
all_around	All around	Public	 MedHelp General 	8	Feel free to talk about anything.
anxiety_related_disorders	anxiety related disorders	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	104	If your feeling unreal, dissociated or away from yourself, your not alone, there is help at hand
angst_og_depresjon_	Angst og depresjon 	Public	 Pain 	6	En gruppe hvor vi kan diskutere angst og depresjon, samt medisiner og behandlinger. Vi kan utveksle erfaringer og tanker knyttet rundt depresjon og angst og samtidig få tips fra hverandre om hva som gjør tilstanden bedre.
afvalrace	Afvalrace	 Private 	 Organ Donors 	6	Afvalrace!
apple_cider_vinegar_for_weightloss	Apple Cider Vinegar for weightloss	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	6	I was crippled by sevoherric dermatitis for more than 10 years and I started washing my face and then cleaning it with ethyl alcohol followed by Apple Cider Vinegar with the mother and letting it dry and covering my face with aloe vera. The results were imressive and fast. It was painful to the open wounds but it work like a miracle. For the first time in my life I had a clean beautiful complexion. My face was free of the corticoids addiction. Now I started to mix ACV with the mother with V8 and orange juice. A tablespoon for each cup of juice. I drink this before each meal and it curbs my appetite like nothing else. I will post results when I notice any weightloss. I don't diet or weight. And I am not impatient I will wait whatever it takes to know if it worked to lose weight. Meanwhile almost immediately I notice a beautiful skin complexion all over my body and no more sevoherric in my head.
alcohol__addiction__and_pregnancy____	ALCOHOL, ADDICTION, AND PREGNANCY,,,,	Public	 Addiction 	8	Just a view into pregnant mothers who have had or have an addiction whilst being regnant.
always_knackered	Always Knackered	Public	 Sleep Disorders 	4	Always tired can't escape the lethargy . Share stories and experiences .
alzheimer_s_caregivers	Alzheimer's Caregivers	Public	 Senior Health 	1	Caregivers of relatives with Alzheimer's disease are not only under extreme stress, but are subject to illness themselves and a high percentage of them will die before their Alzheimer's patient. How are you coping with this disease? What support do you have.need?
anal_and_rectal_disorders	Anal and Rectal Disorders	Public	 Pain 	9	I have spent a considerable amount of time in the last eight months researching pain in the anorectal area.  I know from doing the research that there are many people out there with Fissures, Fistulas and assorted other problems, who are going through the same pain as I am experiencing on a daily basis. So, I thought it would be good to form a little group where we could share the problems, and what you have done or are doing to remedy things. I am not a nurse or in the medical profession, just someone going through constant pain and happy to share it!
anything_about_ectopic_pregnancy	Anything about ECTOPIC PREGNANCY	Public	 Women's Health 	2	share your story, feelings or questions about ectopic pregnancy
am_i_or_aren_t_i_	Am I or aren't I?	Public	 Pregnancy 	8	those signs that seem real but is it just a case of all in your head..
all_about_work	All About Work	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	Let's talk about work!  Our loves, our hates, our questions.  Please refrain from mentioning business names or real names of people, to protect their privacy, as well as some dignity. :)
anorexia_and_bulimia	Anorexia and bulimia	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	10	I didn't see a group for these specific 2 eating disorders, I saw and joined the general eating disorder group but wanted to see a self help group for these 2 in general for questions and answers, etc.
age_35__ttc_first_baby_after_mirena	Age 35+ TTC First Baby After Mirena	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	Women Age 35+ Trying to Conceive First Baby After Having IUD/Mirena Removed
aids_nd_hiv	Aids nd hiv	Public	 HIV/STDs 	1	This forum is for anyone struggling with accepting a parent having  HIV nd AIDS
alcohol_abuse_treatment_centers	alcohol abuse treatment centers	Public	 General Health 	1	alcohol abuse treatment centers     National Therapeutic Services Inc. is a nationally recognized drug rehab center offering mental health and addiction services in Orange County California. Start living sober today.
am_i_pregnant	am I pregnant	Public	 Pregnancy 	3	People who are not sure if they are pregnant
alcohol_outpatient_programs	Alcohol Outpatient Programs	Public	 Diabetes 	1	Alcohol Outpatient Programs     National Therapeutic Services Inc. is a nationally recognized drug rehab center offering mental health and addiction services in Orange County California. Start living sober today.
anterior_cervical_discectomy_with_fusion_surgery_patients	Anterior Cervical Discectomy with Fusion Surgery Patients	Public	 Neurology 	1	Folks that have had the (ACDF) procedure and are either having the procedure done in the future or folks that are currently recovering from the procedure as well of all of those who have had the surgery.  All experiences, stories, and questions are invited.
affordable_surgery	Affordable surgery	Public	 Healthy Living 	1	Mayo hopkins Global Health care services provides affordable health care and treatment .They provide instant approach to our health related problems .
all_about_sex	All About Sex	Public	 Sexual Health 	1	A safe place to discuss anything about sex, intimacy, etc… Don't be shy… anything goes
autism_social	Autism Social	Public	 Neurology 	5	This group is for autistics to socialize about normal their interests.
baby_angels	Baby Angels	Public	 MedHelp General 	142	This is group was designed to give support to grieving parents who's infant has become a Baby Angel. May you find comfort within this group and know that you will never have to walk this journey alone! God Bless All of Our Baby Angels!
baby_dust_buddies___ttc_and_pregnancy_after_a_loss	Baby Dust Buddies - TTC and Pregnancy after a Loss	Public	 Pregnancy 	464	Our TTC and Pregnancy after a Loss Group is a Public Group for women to share their conception journeys after a miscarriage.  From starting over after a loss; surviving the two week wait; dealing with a BFN; celebrating the coveted BFP and making it through nine months of worry.  Baby dust is sprinkled joyfully and liberally all around.
ars_symptoms_	ARS Symptoms 	Public	 HIV/STDs 	12	To discuss Ars Symptoms
autoimmune_thyroid_disorders_suck_	Autoimmune Thyroid Disorders Suck!	Public	 Thyroid 	127	Let's face it; living with thyroid disorders (autoimmune or not) can completely suck!  And nobody knows this or truly understands it unless they go through it.  This group was created for those who experience the numerous trying symptoms that the thyroid/immune system can throw at us, so we can empathize with one another, and/or share a few tips and tricks to cope.
air	Autoimmune Retinopathy	 Private 	 Autoimmune 	1	A group for people with Autoimmune retinopathy or similar problems.  Anyone welcome.
autism_in_adults	autism in adults	Public	 Neurology 	4	support group for parents of adult autistic persons
ask_peekawho	Ask Peekawho	Public	 MedHelp General 	72	Possibly only the product of an acute illness with fever, Ask Peekawho is a group for people who want answers--not necessarily the RIGHT answer, but it will be an answer.Answers are heavily slanted towards the negative, glass is half empty type of answer, because that's just how Peekawho rolls.
babies__going_to_the_ends_of_the_earth_to_have_children	Babies, Going to the ends of the earth to have children	Public	 Children's Health 	7	Hi,I am 49, married and have two older children.  I am in poor health and have a terminal illness.  My husband and I are considering a very controversial course to have another child before I leave this life.  I know many people don't agree with the way we feel and think it is unfair to the child but we have special circumstances as many people do that makes this a possibility.If you are going to the ends of the earth, literally or figuratively to have a child or more children, I invite you to join me on this journey.
argentinas_de_28_dias_	Argentinas de 28 dias!	Public	 Women's Health 	15	Grupo para las argentinas del foro de 28 dias!!!
baby_dust_ladies	Baby Dust Ladies	 Private 	 Pregnancy 	4	For us old & new baby dust ladies who are TTC or currently pregnant - most of us with baby #2
babies	babies	Public	 Children's Health 	5	for example if your baby cries alot,let us know,we'll help you...
april_2011_babies	April 2011 babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	51	This is the place to ask questions, post information, and share stories and support with other women due in April 2011. Congrats on your pregnancy
ashermans_syndrome	Ashermans Syndrome	Public	 Women's Health 	11	Ladies who suffer from or have suffered from Asherman's Syndrome.  Uterine adhesions that are caused by a DNC or by uterine trauma.  Ladies that are struggling to become pregnant because of uterine adhesions, or ladies who have beat Asherman's and are pregnant or have already given birth.  Ladies that struggle from a thin uterine lining do to adhesions.A place to share success stories or fears and frustrations.  A place to find treatment, and share ideas.
august_2011_babies	August 2011 babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	20	women that are due August 2011 join here to compare stories as we grow together in our pregnancies
baby_food_group	Baby Food Group	Public	 Children's Health 	31	Help, tips and suggestions for parents on the topic of baby food. When to start, how to start, menu suggestions, questions and how to make your own baby food.
baby__5_	BABY #5 	Public	 Pregnancy 	3	If you're pregnant with baby #5 this group if perfect for you we can discuss all the ups and downs and dificulties that come with a big family or if you just want a reason to excape the hectic life we live for a few mins join this group
asthma_lalala	asthma lalala	 Private 	 Asthma & Allergy 	1	Something more about asthma
asthma_ma	asthma ma	Public	 Asthma & Allergy 	3	o astmie i nie tylko
aspergers_social	Aspergers Social	Public	 General Health 	5	I have been diagnosed with Asperger's myself. So I thought I would create a group for Aspies to get together, and chat about anything.
august2012babies	August 2012 Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	7	For mothers and fathers expecting their new bundles of joy in the month of August, 2012.
baby_shower	Baby Shower	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	What were your experiences with your baby shower?  Were you overwhelmed with the planning?  Were you happy or unhappy with the way it turned out?  Did you have someone helping you?  Did you fill out registries?  Did anyone even look at your registry, or purchase anything off of it?  How many baby showers did you have?  How many months were you when you had your baby shower?  What baby items did you find out were the most important to have?...
april_2013_babies	April 2013 Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	2	Mothers expecting in April 2013
artificial_insemination	Artificial Insemination	Public	 Men's Health 	1	I am an indian Medical Doctor from Kerala state.Can provide Artificial Insemination-Donor service for the required couples .My contact: E-mail: sk_mp21@yahoo.co.in
ayuda	ayuda	 Private 	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	solo quiero ayuda para mis problemas
books_books_books	Books books books	Public	 MedHelp General 	79	A group dedicated to the discussion and proliferation of books.
benzodiazapene_withdrawal	benzodiazapene withdrawal	Public	 General Health 	20	help and discussions for people trying to get off dr prescribed benzos
big_c	BigC	Public	 Cancer 	3	Experiences, a way forward, a road map for the future
biblical_analysis_group	Biblical Analysis Group	Public	 MedHelp General 	9	Forum is Closed for good... finally... read your bible folks, the stuff I told you is no lie but I guess it is hard to believe being there are only closet Christians on this site.. but every now and then you will run into someone like me who cares enough to take the ridicule and persecution, but the games - no, I don't have to deal with that so thats my reason for leaving,,, so someday every single one of you will find out what I told you is true but for many it will be too late.. No one is promised tomorrow. What if you don't wake up tomorrow, do you know where you will spend eternity? Are you sure? I'm sure and you can be too. Think of the things I told you and continue to seek God. Time is VERY short.
bipolar_teens	Bipolar teens	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	14	Just a group for teens and young adults who suffer from bipolar depression or other mental illness but who need a means of support.
biology__neurobiology__general_health_and_nutrition	Biology, Neurobiology, General Health and Nutrition	Public	 General Health 	20	Have you ever wondered how your body works? How drugs affect your brain and physiology? The influences of genetic, beliefs and perception of the environment? How we are changing our brain because of plasticity? Hormones and there mechanisms of action? Amino acids and proteins? Medicinal herbs? This is the place to post.I'm studying Biology, Biochemistry and Neurobiology and i am inviting any passionate people on the subjects on anyone who have questions regarding those topics or nutrition, natural remedies/supplements, vitamins, exercise and it's impact on life etc.
body_dysmorphic_disorder	Body Dysmorphic Disorder	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	4	This is a type of anxiety disorder. I suffer from it. If anyone else does or has any advice please leave a message. This is a group for sharing info and support. :)
breasts	Breasts	Public	 Women's Health 	22	Although much attention is given to a woman's uterus, and to breast cancer; little if any emphasis is placed on Breast Health in general.It is estimated that nine out of ten women have benign (non-cancerous) breast conditions. This section addresses common non-cancerous breast issues, such as breast pain, fibrocystic breasts, nipple discharge, and a variety of other benign conditions. Other breast health issues such as breast duct imaging, lymph nodes, etc. are also discussed. In addition we will discuss the effects of alcohol, diet, hysterectomy, and hormonal changes on a woman's breasts.
bargain_weekend_breaks__short_breaks_uk_	Bargain Weekend Breaks, Short Breaks UK 	Public	 Healthy Living 	1	Brilliant Trips provides UK short breaks don’t have to be boring, and weekend breaks abroad don’t have to be expensive. And also some winning breaks offering exciting activities, great evening entertainment and amazing value for money.
back_exercises	Back Exercises	Public	 Diabetes 	1	Back Exercises
bipolar_and_social_anxiety_and_other_mental_disorders	bipolar and social anxiety and other mental disorders	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	31	Time to heal come chat and make friends lets help each other understand how our minds work, i have been studieing psychology for 10 months now and have learnt to understand how my brain works andd who i am and to be honest its helped me alot and i would like to help everyone who has the same problem i do or any other illness.xxxxxx
boy_problems	Boy Problems	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	5	This is a place to ask and give advice on boys...... please no hurting comments...even if you are a boy yourself and you want some answers,here dont be  not afraid to get them answered...we all can work together to understand the male population!
blighted_ovvum	blighted ovvum	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	to all you ladies out there that have suffered a loss through a blighted ovvum to share your worries and your experiences.
bible_study_group	bible study group	Public	 Women's Health 	46	coming to gether to share things and learn things about the bible.                                   ( god's word)
bipolarnomore	bipolar no more	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	5	REMEMBER THIS IN YOUR HEART ALWAYS:Today I CHOOSE to remember that I have a chemical imbalance. Today I CHOOSE to remember some things are out of my control. I CHOOSE to remember that I am not defined by my disorder.Today is a NEW day. I CHOOSE to change the things that I can. I CHOOSE to change the things that are difficult. Pain will no longer stand in my way. I love my life, I love my family, and I CHOOSE to love me!
boundaries	Boundaries	Public	 Addiction 	1	This group is about how to deal with people, who has nothing but sex on there minds, and speaks of nothing but sexual comments.
bipolar_ll__disorder	Bipolar ll  disorder	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	11	BIPOLAR
behaviour_problems_in_4_yr_old_girls	behaviour problems in 4 yr old girls	Public	 Children's Health 	2	hi i have a 4 yr old little girl who has me at the end of the rd i jus dont know wat to do with her anymore, she goes from a lovely little girl to bad tempered in 0.01seconds, anything can trigger her off, shes started punching her siblings, spittin and blowing raspberrys when u tell her not to do something, i have tried naughty step, time out, no sweets, no treats, taken away toys, and even ignoring her but i cannot ignore her hittin her siblings as one is only 1yrs old, please help me!!!!!!!!!!!!
wiccian	Black cats and cauldrons	Public	 MedHelp General 	6	for those of you into the weird stuff that's a bit alternative rituals and folklore. practicing the craft and unexplained experiences yes this forum is for you.
behcet_s_disease___neuro_behcets_	Behcet's Disease & Neuro behcets 	Public	 Autoimmune 	3	Hi I am recently diagnosed with NBD and thought i would start this user group for people like me and also people at the start of trying to get some answers to their questions pre- diagnoses.I felt the hardest thing for me over the years of limbo was knowing I had this and people thinking I was mad, So my first pearl of wisdom is   seek the best neurologist you can afford and no matter where they are in the World go and see them as this will save you thousands and will also cut out all the crap one is faced with seeing under qualified people. Normal people say "I just don't know when asked a question" Some Doctors are so arrogant they can not say this basic sentence it is beyond them. So it is easier to accuse the client of been insane even doe the medical evidence says otherwise. So class lesson number one you know you, don't let anyone try and convince you otherwise, My illness started with itchy hands and then progressed to mild mathematical disfunction, visual disturbance, and then after 2 years muscle twitching, tremor and   weakness this is not all the time but most days.I also get mouth sores and yes the unmentionables get the lesions as well, I have been tested for stiffer-less and VD more times than any porn star. So lets get this rolling i am open to your questions !
borderline_personality_disorder_	Borderline Personality Disorder 	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	11	People with this disorder should all come together and try to help each other, i think that it is very important. We can talk about our coping skills or things we learned in DBT for those of us who can't go. Or something that really helps you cope, or how you deal with a situation and make it better, or how any of your symptoms have gotten better, the good and the bad. Lets just try to help eachother.<3
bedrest_support_community	Bedrest Support Community	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	This community provides support to women who are experiencing complications during pregnancy and are on bedrest.
bilateral_duplex_kidneys	bilateral duplex kidneys	Public	 Children's Health 	1	bilateral duplex kidneys in children....my daughter was born sep 2009 with bilateral duplex kidneys, shes had 3 ops, one massive kidneys infection, which led to the surgeon removing 60% of her left kidney.. my daughter has 30% funtion on the left kidney and 60% on the right.
bipolar_central_website_a_scam_and_here_s_why____	Bipolar Central Website a SCAM and here's why....	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	I just had to write to this guy and finally tell him what I thought about his so called "Website" and emails to help people that suffer from Bipolar Disorder. I hate to see people being scammed like this.. So, I let the guy know what I thought. It might be interesting to someone one day, and helpful.My Email:Your last “Bipolar News” made mention of articles being too violent... but as I’ve received your newsletters on a regular basis, I just had a few comments to make that have nothing to do with the “Important Notice"If you don’t mind, and this may well help, I’ll mention a few things I notice about your website and your emails.I’ll give you a rundown of what stands out.In this article you say “ I can only post what I get” and “I’m not a news station” and “I don’t have the time or resources to search endlessly for bipolar news everywhere” “Also, I don’t filter the news I receive. I simply get it through many expensive and reliable news services and make it available to you.”Click there and you change your tune a bit: I personally spend dozens of hours each week researching the latest developments in bipolar disorder, interviewing people with bipolar disorder and their supporters, and finding experts in the medical community who have new and helpful information to share with my readers. Any “expert” that I feature in my products or hire to help create these resources first must undergo an intense grilling … where I pick apart every aspect of their story and advice. More than 75% of the people I meet and the information I uncover is disqualified as worth of sharing with you. In these resources, you’ll get only tested, proven and thoroughly validated strategies, tactics and advice.This is certainly not what your recent newsletter claims. You “simply get your information from many expensive and reliable news services” - and by that I am guessing you search the web for any article that has the word “Bipolar” in it and then link it to your site. Let’s start with the banner ad on the left of the page.“Need Money for Bipolar Disorder?” - “Work from Home” “Start Immediately” “Earn up to $1000+ weekly” “Start Part-Time” “Free DVD” “click here - FREE. etc..”First, you must know that a person with BP disorder is going to be highly interested in not leaving the house, being bad with money and always need it, might not be able to work a full-time job, and thepart-time “hook” only makes it more attractive, almost as much as the “Start Part-Time” as if it were a “Job”. Then, it takes you to a site that has an article/e-book/catalog or whatever for these people who “Need Money” - and I’m wondering where this up to $1000 weekly comes from? Free DVD of what? “how to make money?”It simply looks like another way to guide some already misguided and perhaps manic readers of your newsletter where they expect to make money but instead need to pay money.If I’m wrong, please correct me.You sign off, after offering these helpful items to put in you “cart” by this:Good luck … and I wish you great success as you deal with this destructive disorder. I’ll talk to you again soon,On this page: http://www.bipolarcentral.com/bipolarnews.phpThe links on the right side have server 403 errors, don’t work, or they appear as a helpful article that leads you to yet another place to purchase something to “help” “sufferers”.I’ve read your emailsI’ve looked at your articles that are all scraped content from the webI know you can set your Search Engine to use keywords to pull up any news on the web about BP Disorders and other related “Disorders”I know that the content is not original and your comments above are redundant... Are you a person who spends Dozens of hours each week researching the latest developments as you claim, or are you a   “ I can only post what I get” and “I’m not a news station” and “I don’t have the time or resources to search endlessly for bipolar news everywhere” “Also, I don’t filter the news I receive. I simply get it through many expensive and reliable news services and make it available to you.”???Your newsletter, when there is one, is copied content and rarely interesting. Your entire site is devoted to making money for yourself using the desperation of “all” these people:• People with• Supporters of• Forward to friendsAll the links at the top “Health Directory” for example, are third party affiliates that pay you when someone clicks and it’s all under the Umbrella of “Bipolar Central” and in this very small print - Note: These sites are displayed only as an informational resource to our site visitors. The owner of this website does not warrant or endorse any site listed here and is not liable for the content or actions of these sites. Please use these resources only at your own discretion. Thank you.You add links that you don’t endorse and claim no liability for the contents or action of these sites.I just want you to know that I am too a sufferer of BP disorder, and I am an intelligent person who yes, have had my serious ups and downs like most BP people do. I find this site to be not madefor the “user” but made for you, simply to give poor information, or links to purchase information with exciting claims. Your “supporters” of BP people, desperate to get help, are lead to a site where theyalso have to purchase information.I just realized, you did not create this site to help people, but to make the most money possible for yourself by these people with “this destructive disorder”.I feel sorry for the people who have paid to order these articles, and fall for all the other affiliates that profit from it.  Toss in some “Want to Lose Weight?” and “Want to stop Panic Attacks” and “ Amazing new system, click here>>>” It’s a simply ghastly website and to think that you are using it to help is so sad, as these people are sometimes so desperate.  I’d simply say, go see a doctor and follow their advice.Add a link to the SSA site for information on applying for disability.Have links to true sites that give people an opportunity for real information from authoritative sources, recommend blogs...Links to the Mayo Clinic or the NIH... no, they are free and not what your intentions are. You, simply put are scamming people, people who have a mental disorder, out of their money.You allow people to send you an email, but you don’t let people show comments they make to you or about your site. You’ve created a shield.It’s so unfair and self-serving, your website, for all the reasons I’ve listed above. It’s a cheap and shabby site and in my opinion ( unsolicited of course ) a SCAM. A ripoff and you make yourselfout to be this “expert” because your mother was sick.What background in mental health issues do you have? What training have you gone through to be offering advice?I’m seriously curious. You’d never let me leave a comment like this for other people to read... would you?  It’s too true.My best wishes, and glad I got this off my chest.
bilateral_diaphramatic_paralysis	Bilateral Diaphramatic Paralysis	Public	 Rare Diseases 	1	Well it is January 20, 2013 I have had a lot of things good and bad happen to me... I thought I would add to my last post. First I am considered Perm. Disabled. I have been approved for Social Security Disability... I also have gotten my New York State Retirement Disability. This all happen by October 2011.... I was Approved on my 1st Application. 2nd My Doctors all are on the same page as they all were in April of 2011 when this all began. They all feel that the Bilateral Diaphragmatic Paralisys that I have been told I have is due to some sort of MDS thing. The problem is that they feel that it has not been discovered yet. They feel that someday it might but the sad thing is more people have to come down with this problem before they will even think to spend the Millions it cost to do Medical testing on it. There are Doctor's in New Jersey and in West Vergina that do proceedures on Diaphragms but they only deal with one side not both. So here is an update on my life. I am doing ok. I get very tired very very fast. It is not like wow I am getting Tired it is like oh man I need to sit NOW and REST NOW. I do have a Chair to use when I go to the Store or Mall. I have Sex with my Wife and I am done all the next day. If I talk a lot during the day I am more tired that night. I have been doing my Family tree. I have had my Mom come over to help me with it. I might work on it for a Couple of hours and then I am done. It is all on the Computer no WORK required but I am tired and have to sit down and rest. The other day I got up when 20 mins over the hill to pick up my Mom took her to Rochester for a Dr's appointment, went to lunch, came home to my house rested a couple of hours, then went to the Funeral home in Geneseo and then went to dinner. By this time I was so tired that my wife had to drive to Dansville to take Mom home and back to our house. Now you might say that is alot I don't think so... It is not like I was out lifting wood or digging up flowers. It was not hard labored work it was just sitting and driving and eating. That is it. But I was so tired that really at the Funeral Home I did not want to leave just wanted to put my feet up and go to sleep. That was not me ever. But now I can't do what I have done before at all. I did go out to Cleveland and those wonderful Doctor's out there basically told me that what is being done for me in Rochester is what they would do and not anything more. I have met a couple of other people that are having the same issues. Some are on a Trach and Ventelator and I am not. Sometimes I think that maybe I should be doing more because I am not as bad as those people. But the other week I had to get up at 5:30 in the morning because my Daughter and her husband own and operate a Dairy Farm so they needed me to watch their daughter my Granddaughter. I got up but on the 2nd day of a 4 day "job" I was like there is not way in hell I could ever do this. I only have her for like 2 hours and she is sleeping for like and hour and a half of that time. I can go back to sleep after she goes home but I still know I could never get up and go out to work and be able to perform any type of job unless it is to test Mattresses and I could sleep on each one for a couple of hours each... I am having my 15 minutes of fame, the local paper here in Livingston County called The Mt. Morris Shopper is doing a 4 week article on me and my condition. I am glad cause I feel that the only way people are going to know anything about my Problem is through the Media. I know some prolly would not agree but if you are having this type of problem we need to pull together and try to get this information out to them. This week I am going to write a letter to my local Senator that I know and see if there is a way for me to speak to Albany here in NY so maybe if I talk to the Polititions they might help get the word out. We will see. Thanks for listening.. If you ever want to talk to me you can e-mail me at cctaft6 @ rochester . rr . com I read my E-Mail's like 2 or 3 times a day. If you have this problem please E-Mail me so I know who you are and we can put our heads together and compair notes too. I am going to make a Support Group page on Facebook. Once I do I will post that Title on here and hope that everyone with this type of problem will come out and join me to help each other out and support each other.... Take care and God Bless you and God Bless the United States of America!
brown_recluse_spider_bites	Brown Recluse Spider bites	Public	 Infectious Diseases 	3	Information regarding Brown recluse spider bites and lasting effects
cbs_soaps	CBS Soaps	Public	 MedHelp General 	13	Welcome To Anyone who would like to chat about any TV showsThat are on now or The CBS Soaps.
chronic_ear_problems	Chronic ear problems	Public	 Ear, Nose, Throat 	6	Current or past sufferers of hearing or other ear problems.
chrohn_s_self_help_group	Chrohn's Self Help Group	Public	 Digestive 	6	I would like to communicate with people on their symptoms and problems concerning this illness/disease.  I would also like to know what they have tried that has helped them and how their symptoms have changed their lives.My own non-educated guess on the cause of Crohn's is that I have allergies to certain foods and because I don't know what they are, these foods are causing my colon to fester and cause pain and of course the onset of the dreaded diahrea that comes with it.
chronic_pain_of_neuropathy_	Chronic pain of Neuropathy 	Public	 Pain 	54	I'd like to share experiences of others suffering from this very painful disease .We can share what pain meds we take, how long we've had it , how if affects our daily lives . My name is Les and I've had PN since 2004 .It's gotten progressively worse as time goes by . I'm also a type 2 diabetic with heart disease .
burning_sensations_anxiety_treatment	Burning sensations/anxiety/treatment	Public	 Neurology 	18	This is to invite individuals with burning sensation all over the body.Though it mainly focuses on those complications related to nervous system, all individuals with burnimg sensation are welcome.
chicasde28dias	chicasde28dias	Public	 Pregnancy 	182	Para las chicas que teniamos nuestras graficas en 28dias.
chicas_de_28_dias_______	Chicas de 28 dias!!!!!!!	Public	 Pregnancy 	70	Nuestro espacio!!!!
chuliguays	Chuliguays	 Private 	 Pregnancy 	10	Siempre seguiremos juntas!!!
canadian_women_together	Canadian Women Together	Public	 Pregnancy 	31	This is a group for Canadian women that are going through->*TTC*Pregnancy (and everything that goes with it)*Post Pregnancy*Mother Hood (any Canadian that has kids of any age)*Anything and Everything a Canadian mom wants to ask->Unnecessary comments and behaviour will not be tolerated! It is in the hope that this group will provide some answers to those that are living in the same country. Not everywhere is the same and we all know our medical systems work in different ways. *Here's to making new friends and helping each other out!
chronic_mastoiditis	Chronic mastoiditis	Public	 Ear, Nose, Throat 	3	Discussion about mastoidits chronic or acute. How they were diagnosed? What were the symtoms? etc.,
carers_wales	carers wales	Public	 General Health 	1	about carers and there caring roles
cheaters	cheaters	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	10	Although there are a couple of real good, informative groups meeting here concerning infidelity, there arent many cheaters telling their stories.I created this group for the guilty parties, to get their side of the story out and to help them move forward.  These groups are a great place to compare notes and mark your progress, and more importantly are a great place to see just how similar all infidelity cases are.Welcome aboard, we can all get through this!
cant_believe_dallas_cowboys_suck_tonite_	CANT BELIEVE dallas cowboys SUCK TONITE.	Public	 Pets 	1	LOOOOOSERS. THEYRE KILLING ME.
candida	Candida	Public	 Women's Health 	29	For people with yeast infections and systemic candida ... helps and remedies.
chronic_pain_suffers	chronic pain suffers	Public	 Pain 	30	this group is for chronic pain suffers that have fibro men and women can join this group anyone that has chronic pain can join this group
changes	Changes	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	29	A place where everyone who wants to can come to share how they have or want change in their life.  The "why's", "how to's", and differences made in one's life is a personal choice to share.Any type of encouragement will be welcomed.
child_hood_mental_abuse_suffers	Child hood mental abuse suffers	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	20	This group is for anyone who has suffered from any type of mental or verbal abuse as child. It doesn't matter who the abusive person was, mother-father-sister-brother etc. The way its effected our lives and how it continues to effect our lives as adults isn't always productive, As many of us never speak of it.    So come on in, and find support from others that do understand and are still seized today, from hurtful situations long ago.
christina	christina	Public	 Diabetes 	1	workout routines
central_retinal_artery_occlusion_action_group	Central Retinal Artery Occlusion Action Group	Public	 Eye Care 	1	I have recently become blind in my left eye due to Central Retinal Artery Occlusion.  I am told the condition is irreversible.  II very much want to find individuals and organizations working on finding solutions to this problem, and I am unwilling to accept that "nothing can be done."  Elise LevalVeterans Drive StationPO Box 302222St Thomas, US Virgin Islands 00803(340) 774-0222
can_they_change_my_black_apple_iphone_4_to_white_	Can they change my black apple iphone 4 to white?	Public	 Diabetes 	1	I have a black apple iphone 4, i wanna replace part to make it the white one. Is it possible?-----------------------------ipad 2 keyboardipad 2 dockipad 2 stylus
christian_and_ttc__pregnant_or_a_mother	Christian and TTC, Pregnant or a Mother	Public	 Pregnancy 	3	Isaiah 54:17; No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment Thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, and their righteousness is of Me, saith the LORD. Hi; I started this group because I love the Lord Jesus Christ & I believe in Him. This group is a support for all women who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ or women who may not believe but need prayer & support during your process of trying to conceive, being pregnant or just being a mother. This group is not about religion, but a relationship with Jesus. It's not designed to put people down; it's about lifting each other up.
candida_and_other_fungi	Candida and other Fungi	Public	 General Health 	4	This forum is dedicated to ailments caused by Candida albicans and other fungi, an area of medicine that is often neglected.
christian_women_with_bipolar_disorder	christian women with bipolar disorder	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	support for Christian women who suffer from this disorder.
buckyballs	Buckyballs	Public	 General Health 	1	Buckyballs-Do you know a teenage male who needs an (extraordinarily) absorbing outlet? If so, then these (crazily) addictive magnetic balls are screaming his name!
computer	Computer	Public	 MedHelp General 	60	If you have any computer related questions, you may post them in this community. I am going to college to become a Computer Systems Specialist and would love to help anyone out with their technical questions they may have. :) You may also chat about any Computer/Technology related topic here. Anyone may join!!! :)
creativity_and_beyond	creativity and beyond	Public	 MedHelp General 	71	This is a group for those who love to read, write (whether it be songs, scripts, poetry, novels or anything in between), sing, play an instrument, paint, color....or are interested...to just get together and talk about projects you're working on. a book you've read, a museum you've visited, a concert you went to or just...to chit chat! everybody is welcome!
eating_disordered	Conversations For The Eating Disordered	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	20	A place to get together and talk about eating disorders and how to help each other.
college_students	College Students 	Public	 MedHelp General 	39	Are you currently going to college or are you looking into continuing your education even further? If so, then this is the place for you. You may talk about anything related to college here. Are you just beginning your college search or do you have a college in mind? You may chat with other members on here about different colleges, majors/minors, college life, etc. I am a college student myself, pursuing my Associate's Degree in Computer Systems Specialist. I will be glad to answer any questions that High School Juniors, Seniors, or anyone else may have about college. Anyone may join this group. I believe this group will be a great place for College Students and those who are looking to further their education even more, to get together and share their knowledge about this important time in life. :)
dagger_chic_s_group_of_questions	DaggerChic's Group Of Questions	 Private 	 Sexual Health 	1	Why Men Do The Things They Do?
computer_wars	Computer Wars	Public	 MedHelp General 	3	Which do you prefer - mac or PC?  Why?
copd	COPD	Public	 Respiratory Disorders 	24	group for COPD and emphysema adults.  Including people who are on home oxygen.  We get no real instruction from our doctors about our use of oxygen (when you don't have to be hooked to it); vacationing with your equipment.  A forum where we can discuss with others our experiences and share ideas and questions about our breathing problems and how we cope day to day.
colloidal_silver_and_feldenkrais_therapy	Colloidal Silver and Feldenkrais therapy	Public	 Orthopedics 	3	Interested in others who take colloidal silver and othermineral and vitamin therapies. Also, care and help for idiopathic scoliosis.  Mineral therapy and physical therapy such as feldenkrais; muscle strengthening for help to improve children's scoliosis.
control_de_peso_baje_15_libras	CONTROL DE PESO BAJE 15 LIBRAS	Public	 General Health 	1	48 libras (21.7 kilos) y 10 pulgadas (25.4 centímetros) de talla! Es como haber rejuvenecido 5 años! Muchas gracias por esta oportunidad. Este concurso y los ingresos me han ayudado a estar motivada!Mi perdida de peso es un tren imparable y mi negocio se esta construyendo como un pequeño motor! Mi organización consiste en nuevos integrantes en mercadeo en red que están apasionados por el uso del producto cuando los compartes con los demás. Mi grupo ha perdido alrededor de 400 libras (181.4 kilos) de manera colectiva, y vamos muy fuertes! No puedo ser humilde… realmente espero ganar!. Estos productos han transformado a esta mujer con un sobrepeso sin remedio en un juego activo de racquetball y escalada. Corriendo tras mis hijos, con energía, con felicidad que mejora día a día. Gracias O3World… Te amoAnnette Jones WWW.FOREVERGREEN.MEX.TL
death	death	Public	 MedHelp General 	10	we seldom think about it,but do we know what happens after death??we can not answer this question EXACTLY,because we're still alive!!our purpose is to share our ideas about death!!we'll experience the new world after death...some people never think about death,while they know we all die!!our soul lives forever,but we'll lose all the things we've had in this world,consist of money,house,family,jewellery,BEAUTY,etc!!i think it's interesting because we'll finally buried in grave,we'll be under soil!do you see what i mean??i mean we'll understand they weren't useful,you have nothing right now!!you won't see your money,palace,etc anymore..you'll wonder why were you trying to have beautiful face???insects will eat your body under soil!!!your soul will be the only thing you have...so we should protect our soul and do take care of it...i hope this community helps you know more about DEATH...
cramp_fasciculation_syndrome_and_neuromyotonia	Cramp Fasciculation Syndrome and Neuromyotonia	Public	 Neurology 	10	A group for those with the physical pain, cramps, muscle tightness, fatigue, and exercise intolerance of peripheral nerve hyperexcitability. Though we sympathize with those who have BFS and the anxiety that often accompanies it, this is not a group for discussing BFS or health anxiety.
conspiracy_theories_101	Conspiracy Theories 101	 Private 	 Diabetes 	1	.
crohn_s_rage	CROHN'S RAGE	Public	 Autoimmune 	2	Is it just me or do find you have bouts of not just anger but flat out rage.  Something like you have never experienced before.  Where breaking stuff...getting a little out of control.  Self inflicted... my method of choice was tattoo's and working out in the gym to "punish" my self.  Now I do not have the energy for the gym and ink costs money.  Now what?
complications_after_spinal_stenosis_treatment	complications after spinal stenosis treatment	Public	 Neurology 	2	who has had a treatment for spinal stenosis and the result is worse?
cystic_hygroma_in_pregnancy	cystic hygroma in pregnancy	Public	 Pregnancy 	8	This group is for womem who are pregnant and have been told that their baby has a cystic hygroma. Share your story, show support for others and discuss your concerns.
crohn_s_colitis_forum__chronic_digestive_diseases_	Crohn's Colitis Forum- Chronic Digestive Diseases 	Public	 Digestive 	23	Information and Support forum for people with chronic digestive problems/diseases, such as -  Crohn's Disease,  Ulcerative Colitis, Inflammatory Bowel Disease, IBS, Pancreatitis, GERD, Diverticulosis, Gastritis, Autoimmune Diseases associated with the intestines.  Chronic diarrhea, bloating, cramping.  DIET MATTERS - LIFESTYLE CHANGES HELP.REDUCE STRSS Getting better without all the DRUGS! What are the most current helpful treatments available for these conditions, your disease?  If you have an article, share it.  If you have a treatment that works for you, share that too. We will get better because we do have control on our overall health and can eliminate/reduce inflammation in our body.  There is power in numbers.  When we come together - we have power to overcome and move forward in good health.  The more we know the more power we have!Support and Understanding - Chronic illness is very much misunderstood by people that do not suffer from one, they just don't get it.  People, even your family members, have difficulty wrapping their brains around these conditions/diseases.  There are people that do understand and do experience similar symptoms - You are not alone and can get support and help from people that care.PS: Conventional treatments for Autoimmune diseases and inflammatory conditions work for some, but really only treat the symptoms.  It's easy to take a pill and continue with the day without a change.  If this makes the pain go away, you think you are better.  For a lot of us, our bodies need more and deserve more.  We need to make a change and step up and do what our body requires of us to get better. We need to listen to our bodies and respond to our needs. It takes effort and requires motivation, will and faith in something more.  **TAKE ACTION TO CHANGE YOUR SITUATION**
dec_2011_babies___	Dec 2011 Babies!!!	Public	 Pregnancy 	14	Place to chat about our new pregnancies!!
december_2011_babies_____	DECEMBER 2011 BABIES!!!! 	Public	 Pregnancy 	35	If you're due in december join this group we'll have lots of fun waiting for our little bundles of perfectness to arrive this is a perfect group for you if you're scared need answers need someone to talk to if you're on bedrest (like I am)  well do lots of fun activities to keep us busy and our minds off how far away December seems
complex_regional_pain_syndrome	Complex Regional Pain Syndrome	Public	 Neurology 	2	I have this and if anyone wants to talk to me about it and wants to know more about me I'm here to help.
complementary_and_alternative_medicines_cam__questionnaire	Complementary and alternative medicines(CAM) questionnaire	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	2	Hello friends, I am the student of University of Bath, currently on my dissertation stage.My research is based on complementary and alternative medicines (CAM). All the therapies, yoga, massage or Homeopathic or Ayurvedic or Chinese ancient medicines, other than conventional medicines come under CAM in UK. It will be of great help if you could help me filling my research questionnaire. It woulnt take more then 5 min but your support will help me to achieve my research objective. Below is the link for my questionnaire and if you have trouble viewing or submitting please give me your mail id. https://spreadsheets.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dGxZRmo3YUktRXZZUXNSb1MzeVBtUUE6MQThank you very much for your support and helpAdi
clothing_and_bathroom_functions	clothing and bathroom functions	Public	 Rare Diseases 	2	My husband, John, was diagnosed with ALS about 1 and 1/2 years ago.  He is now unable to get his pants down to go to the bathroom on his own.  I am at work during the day and he is here alone durig the day.   Any suggestions on what you do on your own until someone is there to help you?
december_2012_babies	December 2012 Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	28	Group for women expecting their baby(ies) anytime during December of 2012. This is a place to ask questions, share stories, and celebrate!
december_2012_babies____	DECEMBER 2012 BABIES!!! 	Public	 Pregnancy 	12	This group is for all the ladies who are expecting a wonderful Christmas/Holiday time bundle of joy!! Come and chit-chat and share our expierences along this wonderful journey's of our pregnancies!
concerned_moms_to_be_	Concerned Moms-to-Be 	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	Concerned Moms -to -Be who have used cocaine daily in the first month of pregnancy or any drug with or without knowing they were pregnant. Anyone or concerned Mom-to-Be is urged,  and welcomed to please share and feel at ease doing so in this group.  I hope  a lot of us woman who are in scary crossroads in their life and need help can recieve some support in this group.  There is power in numbers!
crossroads_warriors	Crossroads Warriors	 Private 	 Healthy Living 	2	Crossroads Warriors is a support group of patients who are undergoing weight loss treatment at Crossroads ObGyn and Wellness.
dragon_force	DragonForce	 Private 	 MedHelp General 	2	This is a group for DragonForce only.
ehlers_danlos_syndrome	Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome	Public	 Genetics 	134	This group is for members with any form of  Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.We have this group to share info and support for each other.Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (EDS) is a heterogeneous group of heritable connective tissue disorders characterized by articular hypermobility, skin extensibility and tissue fragility. Individuals with EDS have a defect in their connective tissue. It is this tissue that provides support to many body parts such as the skin, muscles, ligaments and organs. The fragile skin and unstable joints found in EDS are due to faulty collagen. Collagen is a protein that acts like glue in the body adding strength and elasticity to connective tissue.
eat_hearty__drink_deep__live_life	Eat Hearty, Drink Deep, Live Life	Public	 MedHelp General 	34	Eating and drinking need not be unpleasant to be healthy, if done in a mindful and moderate manner.  One can even include food and beverages sometimes regarded as "suspect."Part of the secret is to look at what you prepare, look at your needs and match them in a joy-filled way!Mealtime should add to one's life; not just be a duty for fueling up.
diabetics	Diabetics	Public	 Thyroid 	12	Seasoned diabetics helping new diabetics
edr	Egg Donor Recipients	Public	 Women's Health 	61	This community was created to answer questions about the egg donation process. What happens during an egg donor cycle.  Drugs used during the process. Protocols. Where you can go to cycle.  Costs associated with that. Information about disclosure.
depression	Depression	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	121	:(
dizzy	Dizzy	Public	 Thyroid 	24	For those who are dizzy for no apparent reason.  Like when you first exit a rollercoaster.  Especially when you exercise, eat too many carbs, etc.  An engine running type feeling inside the head and/or chest also. Not exactly vertigo  The room isn't spinning, its an earthquake feeling inside.
digital_ovulation_kits	digital ovulation kits	Public	 Pregnancy 	10	Hi all.Im 21 years old and my partner and i have been TTC for just under a year now. Every month to our dissappointment i get my period! My sister has three boys and suggested i use a clearblue digital ovulation kit. Does anybody have any advice on these and do they know the success rate? I know there are so many people out there in the same agonising position so if anybody has any advice on this please get in touch :) thanks!
depersonalization__derealization	Depersonalization/ Derealization	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	36	For people who Suffer from Depersonalization or Derealization. Please join so we can help one another. XOXOX
ectopic_pregnancy	Ectopic Pregnancy	Public	 Pregnancy 	39	This is for all the women who have had an ectopic pregnancy and the hard-ships we go through and overcome when it comes to the emotional pain. TTC after an ectopic pregnancy may be harder, but there is a fight within us all that can beat the odds together.
down_syndrome	Down syndrome	Public	 Genetics 	18	This group is for anyone and everyone who is interested in Down syndrome.  Perhaps you have a child with Down syndrome, or family member.  We all have questions and sometimes the best resources are each other.  Hopefully this group can help if you are struggling with a diagnosis either prenatally or after birth.  This group was created with the hopes of educating and helping those who want to know about Down syndrome.  If however, you are struggling with a decision regarding termination, please know that the people who are here, are here because they have either chosen or accepted Down syndrome in their lives.  Whatever your questions, stories or concerns hopefully we can help.
detached_part_of__your_life_	Detached Part Of  Your Life.	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	Sometimes you got to give in and throw it out. I know it hurts but you need to , to grow stronger as a person. But it would be better to grow as a community and let are hearts grow together and fight to STOP every type of abuse there is in children . I wish to put a stop to the suffering. I can lend a hand one at a time so we can stand strong and not be afraid of what others think . Ive been there, will you hold my hand?
diet_ideas	Diet Ideas	Public	 Healthy Living 	4	Anyone have something they do to help keep them on there diet?
desperate_for_a_baby	Desperate for a baby	Public	 Pregnancy 	3	Come and talk!!
depression_poems_	Depression poems.	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	3	Feeling depressed? Tell us about it in the form of songs or poems. You can either make them up or recite them from your favourite singers. We will be listening to your cries.
rapenomore	done with rape	Public	 Pain 	11	hello,I'm starting this group because i know what it feels like to be raped and have no one to talk to. that's the whole reason i started this. so you can come in and talk about it and express yours self without being judged. You need to find comfort in somewhere but don't know where to look. If you don't have a question you just want to tell you story that's OK too. you just need someone to listen to you or yell at i will be here for that to.
dwp_stories_	DWP STORIES.	Public	 Digestive 	1	For people to tell of their treatment by the benefit agency.
detox_from_home_off_methadone_	Detox from Home off Methadone 	Public	 Addiction 	7	If you’re reading this, odds are you’ve already made a decision to come off of Methadone. Having kicked Methadone I would like to share how I detoxed myself at home and would like to share my experience and some tips…that worked for me.The process is difficult. It takes endurance. It takes work. It takes committment. It takes willingness. And that being said, once you've made that decision and follow through on it, I can tell you that what lies on the other side...being clean & knowing that  after you made it through the hardest and most toughest time that you seem you wasn't gonna make it you overcome it and it is well worth any fight you might undergo.Each individual will experience the following to varying degrees dependent upon your time on Methadone, dosage, age, other pre-existing physical and emotional issues. Not everyone will experience each of these side effects. The WD symptoms & PAWS are a waiting game and you have to play it out to end.THEY ARE HOWEVER, A NORMAL PART OF THE PROCESS…JUST NOT PLEASANTWITHDRAWAL & POST ACUTE WITHDRAWAL SYMPTOMSAnxietyIncrease in blood pressureFeeling that you're jumping out of your skinDiarrheaVomitingSweatingGoosebumpsLeg & back/shoulder painSleep deprivationDehyrdrationDepressionLethargyRapid-fire sneezingRunny eyes/noseUnrelenting coughingNON-ADDICTING COMFORT MEDICATIONSClonodine: BP med (you'll need an RX). It both lowers your heightened BP as well as lowering anxiety. VERY effectiveAntihistamine: For sneezing/runny nose/runny eyesKaoptectate: For diarrhea Quinine: for leg spasmsAdvil/Motrin for same & back achesValerinan Root/Melatonin: for sleepHELPFUL HINTSDrink LOTS of water and/or Gatorade to replace lost electrolytesEat bananas to replace potassium...helps with muscle spasmsEat small amounts frequently (non spicey)Stay AWAY from caffine (including sodas with caffeine)Take LOTS of hot showers/baths...until you're like a prune. It's emotionally soothing and helps with spasms in back/legsHeating pad on lower back & on calves can helpThe sleep deprivation is probably the longest lasting effects of Methadone WD. It's frustrating, it's anxiety producing and depressing...but you won't die from it.Exercise...lightly in the beginning. You can start by walking. Build up your endorphin/serotonin levels. This will greatly aid with sleep, depression and energy.Keep your goals VERY small to start. Just getting up and showering may tax your energy level. Make sure to eat and drink water.And most importantly,. DON'T QUIT BEFORE THE MIRACLE! Allow GOD to help you see you through and remember THIS TOO SHALL PASS.babygirl112477@aol.com  if you have questions
diaphramatic_paralysis	Diaphramatic Paralysis	Public	 Rare Diseases 	1	People who have Bilateral Diaphtagmatic Paralisys with other underline issues
dermal_filler	dermal filler	Public	 Cosmetic Surgery 	1	Looking for Dermal fillers, dermal filler? Amara provides treatment for dermal fillers in Dublin, Ireland.http://www.amara.ie/
diabetes	Diabetes	Public	 Diabetes 	3	PLEASE DO NOT JOIN THIS GROUP IF YOU STILL WANT TO USE INSULIN TO CONTROL YOU GLUCOSE LEVELS.This group is for the people who wants to control the glucose levels naturally and without medication. I know the pains a diabetic patient has to take in his life time. Once diagnosed with Diabetes there is no way one could get out of this. However in today's technolgical environment finally I have found a solution.
dog_rescue_group	DOG RESCUE GROUP	Public	 Pets 	5	Welcome to the new Dog Rescue Group.I will post the details here of any dogs who are currently in HIGH-KILL SHELTERS IN THE U.S.. I will add the email addresses of the person/people to contact, and the location (i.e. which State) if you, or anyone you know, can rescue this dog -either for temporary adoption -or for a "Forever Home".From information I receive, I can also add a brief description of the dog's temperament, its ability to live with other pets, etc.The dogs posted here have a very short time to live. Some have a week or two, some days, some are on the death-list already and have only hours. They literally are ON DEATH ROW. As the spaces they occupy in these Shelters are under demand from more incoming unwanted, or abandoned dogs, they are due for imminent euthanization, through no fault of their own. PLEASE HELP IF YOU CAN. If you can't help directly yourself, it would be a great kindness to email these details to friends, family, etc. who may well know someone who can.Maybe with this page, we can all help to make a difference for these innocents.(I will issue a reference number for the dog, and the person to contact if you can help)With love,Ginger899
difficult__family_members_that_are_dying	Difficult  Family Members That Are Dying	 Private 	 Cancer 	1	Have you guys ever had a family member that is so in denial that they won't do a thing to help them selves? I HAVE !Has other sisters and brothers been excused from helping, but YOU? MY SISTER HAS!My mother made up an excuse she is too fat to help her.Has any family member got 2 doctor's excuses to get off of their work to help, but didn't help one bit, stayed home and/or did what the heck they wanted to do with it?  I HAVE..MY SISTER!!I will tell my sad story, if anyone cares to listen.
ellen_s_table	ellen's table	Public	 Addiction 	2	Be kind to one another!
dermatology_medical_photos	Dermatology Medical Photos	Public	 Dermatology 	8	The Dermatology Medical Photos user group welcomes medically-relevant questions/photos regarding dermatology issues, such as: rashes, acne, birthmarks, skin infections, rosacea, and general skin care. You must be 18+ years old to participate.  By entering and/or posting you agree you are 18 years old or older and accept the guidelines listed above.  Note: Failure to comply will result in deactivation of your account.
fda_recalls__u_s__food_and_drug_administration_	FDA Recalls (U.S. Food and Drug Administration)	Public	 General Health 	49	Our FDA Recalls Group is a Public Group where members post information released by the FDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration) pertaining to FDA Recalls, Market Withdrawals, Safety Alerts & Press Releases  ---  (Medicine, Food, Public Health, Safety --  etc.) All Members are Encouraged to post FDA Recalls - so, feel free to jump on in and post!Group discussions about these items are encouraged and welcomed.
fibromyalgia	Fibromyalgia	Public	 MedHelp General 	94	A place for people to share their experiences with Fibromyalgia Syndrome
factores_de_transferencia	FACTORES DE TRANSFERENCIA	Public	 General Health 	1	BIENVENIDOS AL NUEVO GRUPO DE FACTORES DE TRANSFERENCIA. AQUI TODOS PUEDEN COMENTAR, DIALOGAR, PREGUNTAR DISCUTIR Y COMPARTIR SUS HISTORIAS O DUDAS SOBRE LO ULTIMO DEL MOMENTO CUANDO SE TRATA DE LA SALUD.
ex_28_dias	Ex 28 Días...	Public	 Women's Health 	129	Hola Chicas Ex de 28 Días! en este grupo podemos estar para ir ayudándonos mutuamente a conocer la página! ya les había dicho que podía hacer un tutorial pero yo creo que no hace falta! igual la propuesta sigue en pie en caso de ser necesaria!!!Quién dijo q necesitabamos a 28 Días para estar juntas y seguirnos apoyando???un abrazo a todas!
embarazadas_de_28_dias	embarazadas de 28 dias	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	hola chicas abro uno nuevo por q no encuentro como hablar con ustedes es q no me entero de como va esto asi q les propongo a todas las embarazadas y no embarazadas q comentemos nuestras dudas desde aqui ya q no se como hablar de otra FORMA
pob	Eyecare Trust	Public	 Eye Care 	3	http://pobtrust.org   works for the elimination of avoidable causes of blindness regardless of religion, ethnicity, gender, and nationality of our   beneficiaries.Out target market is throughout the globe. We provide FREE surgery services for PREVENTION OF BLINDNESS
feb_2011_babies	Feb 2011 Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	12	Mommies of February 2011 Babies:Welcome to the group!!!  Feel free to share, ask questions, or just vent. This group is for support. Congrats on your pregnancy.
fertility	fertility	Public	 MedHelp General 	7	trying to get pgby mizpreciado, Aug 23, 2010 05:20PM hellow everybody im new here. i have a problem i cant get pg dont know if is because of my age im 40 or cause the iud. ok i had the copper iud in for 9 1/2 years i got it pull out on 8/28/ 2009 since then i been trying but no luck i  recently started taking fertility blend cause before the iud it whas so easy to conceive my last birt whas 10 years ago. my husband has 3 kids of his previous marriage. can someone plssss help and tellme if is a god idea to take fertility blend or not  thank you
fibromyalgia__is_it_caused_by_drugs__	Fibromyalgia: Is it caused by drugs? 	Public	 Diabetes 	4	This is a new group created for those who suffer from Fibromyalgia. I am hoping to hear about how and when you were diagnosed, and if you had used any form of  Opiates, or other pain reducing drugs, short or long tern, prior to being diagnosed with these symptoms.  I have a theory that Fibromyalgia symptoms may actually be caused by the discontinued use of pain relievers. Please write your story about how and when your symptoms began to affect you, if they have worsened over time and what drugs you are using to help with the pain. I'm very interested in finding out if you were ever given or have use any form of pain medication for any condition prior to the onset of your Fibromyalgia symptoms. If so, please include this information.
family_s_haven	Family's Haven	Public	 Addiction 	3	I am looking to start a live Alanon / Coda Based group for family members dealing with the addicted person  My vision for this group it to see it expand in membership to the point that individualized addictions and or relationship types can separate off if the need arises.
encouragement___prayer_for_women	Encouragement & Prayer for women	Public	 Women's Health 	7	This group is dedicated to all women that going through difficulties especially medical issues. If you need encouragement and prayer just submit your prayer request. Don't give up.  Let us help each other.
every_uncure_and_dangerous_deases	EVERY UNCURE AND DANGEROUS DEASES	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	EVERY DEASES IN THIS WORLD IS NOT UNCURE, ANY THING IN THIS WORLD IS NOT IMPOSSIBLE. JUST YOU HAVE TO GO TO RIGHT PLACE, GO WITH THE NATURE. NATURAL THERAPY OR AYURVEDA, UNANI IS GOOD FOR ALL THAT DEASES WHICH PEOPLE SAY DANGEROUS.
fighting_to_win_the_fibro_battle	fighting to win the fibro battle	Public	 Pain 	13	for those of you suffering with fibromyalgia and all its evil symptoms...the physical, the mental, the family, etc. Join us in fighting the good fight with new information, experiences, situations of everyday life.
fans_of_the_duggars_	Fans Of The Duggars 	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	This community is where all fans and friends of the Duggar family can come and encourage one another in the LORD. Discuss the show. "19 Kids and Counting". And share there thoughts and veiws on the wonderful family! This community is for Duggar fans and friends only...those of you who do not like the Duggars and wish to leave rude remarks and/or comments that are inappropriate etc. Will be reported.
emetophobia	Emetophobia	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	7	Any one out there with a fear of throwing up.
pagan	fellow pagans	Public	 Diabetes 	5	merry meet, I noticed surfing this site this site only has christian and spiritual message boards and I said to myself that aint gonna fly :( I feel paganism is a beautiful thing and those who pratice should be able to express themselves. People who are intrested in pagan and pagans of all kinds are welcome here druids, shamans, wizards ect weather you pratice solo or in a circle or coven you can post spells prayers or share whatever has worked for you in the past,blessed be <3
eosinophilic_esophagitis	Eosinophilic Esophagitis	 Private 	 Asthma & Allergy 	1	Characterized by white blood cells sticking to the esophagus, making it hard to swallow. From my understanding as of today and with a child with this relatively "new disease" it is caused by Food Allergies. Watch out for stress, which I am noticing speaking to other people may also be an underlying "trigger" to this disease. This is just an assumption on my part and I have no medical background. Just a mommy that hasn't stopped searching for answers . Cooking will become a challenge, because most people who are diagnosed with EE have many different allergies. Some symptoms include but not limited to, muscle and joint pain, headaches, chest pain, stomach pains, over heating, weakness, unexplicable tiredness etc..
feet_pain	Feet Pain	Public	 Pain 	3	When you are walking and you have a pain in it, What do it mean sometimes when you have a pain in you foot or feet that can mean that you have callus or you can have a foot Diabetes i now you never new if it but i can tell you more about it...
fecal_odor	Fecal Odor	Public	 Digestive 	3	This is a forum for those of us who smell like feces and have not been able to get help from doctors
fat_loss_4_idiots	Fat Loss 4 Idiots	Public	 Diabetes 	12	This is an 11-day diet which changes your calories constantly.
elliptical_trainer	Elliptical Trainer	Public	 General Health 	1	Elliptical machine is an equipment for aerobic exercise which replicated by running and walking, that led an elliptical motion of the feet. This not only good for normal people, it's also ideal for patients who have joint issues or problems with ligaments or tendons. Elliptical Trainer machine provides an excellent impact-free cardiovascular workout because it has continuous movement, so it gives user a low impact when compared with the normal running or walking. Elliptical Machines also called cross trainer machine has been popular in the gym and home use. Most of it has been designed according to biomechanics, ergonomics and physiology to reduce chances of injury while using it.
endometriosis	Endometriosis	Public	 Women's Health 	4	Endometriosis- 6.3 million women in the US and millions worldwide  are affected. Are you suffering from the pain, loss and all that comes with it? Join this group to share and chat with others going thru the same type of issues, discuss treatment methods, the complications, relate to others- tell your story here.....Or maybe your story has just begun, support goes a long way .
fghhtgrtgrtrgtrgr	fghhtgrtgr	Public	 Diabetes 	1	http://www.hisandherhealth.com/index.php?option=com_content&id;=572
finding_a_methadone_clinic_or_doctor_in_gadsden_al__area_to_take_over_methadone_maint__program	Finding a methadone clinic or Doctor in Gadsden Al. area to take over methadone maint. program	Public	 Diabetes 	1	I am a 55 year old male that has been on a methadone maint. program for almost 12 years now with a regular dose of 195mg. per day. My wife and family have just moved to this area from Chicago, Illinois and I am seeking a doctor to take over my maint. program as I will be out by the end of the week.
frozen__embryo_transplant	FROZEN  EMBRYO TRANSPLANT	Public	 MedHelp General 	14	THIS GROUP IS FOR THE LADIES WHO ARE HAVING QUESTIONS ABOUT FET AND THAWING
free_thoughts	free thoughts	Public	 Sexual Health 	23	feel free to talk.
give_and_get_emotional_support	give and get emotional support	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	95	a place for all to come and help other medhelp members with ALL and ANY life issues, rather it be family, money, job, or even your car breaking down, whatever you are in need of talking about and recieving a little emotional support.
gall_blader	Gall Blader	Public	 Digestive 	8	To keep every one updated on gallstones and related complications
four_corner___snac_wrist___scaphoid_excision___carpal_arthrodesis___spider_plate___scaphoid_necrosis_	FOUR CORNER / SNAC WRIST / SCAPHOID EXCISION / CARPAL ARTHRODESIS / SPIDER PLATE / SCAPHOID NECROSIS 	Public	 Orthopedics 	20	FOUR CORNERSNAC WRISTSCAPHOID EXCISION CARPAL ARTHRODESIS SPIDER PLATESCAPHOID NECROSISWRIST FUSIONWRIST ARTHRODESIS
frontal_temporal_lobe_degeneration__picks_degeneration_sufferers	Frontal Temporal Lobe Disease, Picks Degeneration Sufferers	Public	 Neurology 	14	This is a group primarily for people who have frontal temporal lobe degeneration.  Caregivers are also welcome but I especially encourage people to come to this group who have FTD symptoms who do not have a firm diagnosis yet, people who have an FTD diagnosis but are still able to communicate and realize that they do have FTD.  One of the main reasons for starting this group is to provide information and support to people like me who suffer from FTD but do not have the typical early symptoms that prevent them from communicating and discussing information abtout the disease
general_health	General Health	Public	 General Health 	13	General Health is here to help you! Possible solutions and possible diagnosis from someone who cares about your health. Just leave your questions or symptoms and we will reply to you *This group is not a solution for medical attention*
free_your_mind____vent_let_it_all_out__	Free your mind  ( vent let it all out )	Public	 Adolescent Health 	32	come here to just let it all out , destress , vent  scream , and   talk or pray   what ever it  is let it go.
for_the_love_of__food	For the love of  food	Public	 Diabetes 	6	share your favorite recipes and get some new recipes,share heath ideals,
first_baby_at_50_60	First baby at 50,60	Public	 Pregnancy 	6	For women deciding to have their first baby at 50 and older.  If you are that woman, please share your journey with the rest of us. The Pros and Cons, the good, the bad and the challenges.  Please be honest in your sharing. If you are the woman who is trying to have a baby at 50 or older, please join our group.  Let’s talk about it.  Let’s support one another, let’s keep it real.
fundraising	Fundraising	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	Various fundraising for individual and group projects.Sharing fundraising ideas,programs and fundraising experinces.Networking to reach financial goals through fundraising.Relieving emotional and mental stress with solutions to moneyproblems.
friends_help_group	friends help group	Public	 MedHelp General 	3	for anything you want to talk about and to help each other .
get_real_about_sex	Get real about SEX	Public	 Sexual Health 	47	In this group you can address your sex-life to get the most out of your sexual experiences (sex can always get better). This is a safe place to get real about sex. Find out that you are not the only one who...  Share &Learn; about new things. In this group you don't have to be shy.You can share sexual secrets, experiences, preferences, ideas, adventures, concerns, problems, fears, questions, stories, misconceptions, etc. Explore your sexual self, expect satisfaction.
gender_disappointment	Gender Disappointment	 Private 	 Pregnancy 	1	This is a group that I wanted to start for all the women out there like me, that are hoping for certain sex, and being disappointed.I have 2 beautiful wonderful boys at home, and I am pregnant with my 3rd baby.  I was hoping and praying to finally have a daughter, something I've always wanted, but sadly today my heart was broken when I found out that I would never have one.This is my last baby, so there are no more chances for me to have the daughter I so greatly desire.All the emotions and guilt that we go through, is so often hidden.I started the group so that we can find comfort in each other, so please don't try to join if you just plan to judge, I want this to be a friendly comforting environment.
foster_parent_advice_swap	Foster Parent Advice Swap	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	Being a foster parent, in my opinion, is just as frustrating as it is rewarding and such a vital part of the the whole process but for something so crucial to children unlucky enough to need a foster home there is too little support for these selfless families and individuals.Foster parents need a place to vent, bounce ideas off of each other, or to just talk to people who are in similar situations. I myself have struggled to find this sort of place so I am making my own and warmly welcome others to join me.
first_wives_club_husband_	first wives club/husband 	Public	 Heart 	1	been married ,, now going or gone thhrough seperation or devorce ,, this hopefull a support group where we, can make friends who share and understand what were going through , for every one sake especiall the children ,,
getting_away_from_substance_abuse	getting away from substance abuse	Public	 Diabetes 	1	this is a place for anyone who has an addiction and needs help or advice as to what to do...im a struggling addict that wants to know if there are other like me ...any one is welcome with a substance abuse problem.....
frustrated___need_2_vent_	Frustrated & Need 2 Vent?	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	Get out what no one around you wants to hear. I want to chat.
friends_for_health	Friends For Health	Public	 Sexual Health 	2	A Society ministry for social health.
for_those_feeling_spaced_out	For Those Feeling Spaced Out	Public	 General Health 	10	A group for those who constantly feel "spaced out", "in a dream", "always drunk" or just "not with it".  It's a hard and confusing feeling to describe but these all are very accurate descriptions of how I have felt 24/7 for the past 8 years.  This is a feeling that for me personally has never gone away, although sometimes it's more tolerable than others.  I have come across hundreds of other individuals in my years of research who share in these unique and unexplainable symptoms.  Most often, other symptoms accompany the spaced out feeling such as feeling dizzy, disoriented, off balance, head pressure and various others.  This is a group that will allow us all to interact with each other, share our feelings, ideas, tests we have had, things that have helped, what we know, or what we don't know... basically anything that helps us cope and keep hope in finding answers.
get_best_sleep_everyday_	Get best sleep everyday.	Public	 Sleep Disorders 	1	I am not any professional with any degree or specialization. I am a true 25 years old human heart who lives to understand 'Why we don't get sleep?' even after we do live our lives easily, comfortable and without any other problem. There are also some types of it. Some of us gets it only if our body eats, drinks, enjoys or have a great sex. Don't we make our Girlfriends a Sleeping Machine? We earn, spent, enjoy and live our lives the way we want. Then why HE takes sleep from our life for ever? HE is your SOUL.Actually, it is very easy to get a good sleep. I have lots of ways for it. And that's why I am here. I want to help you everyone in the world to get relaxed and ready for a bright future.
glbtq_community	GLBTQ Community	Public	 MedHelp General 	6	If you or someone you know or love identifies as GLBTor Q (Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender or Questioning), this is a safe, non-judgmental place to talk about your concerns, bring your questions, ask for advice or just vent away!
getting_periods_again_after_exercising_	Getting periods again after exercising?	Public	 Women's Health 	1	I had a question, or rather something to wonder about. I just placed my mirena about 5 months ago. And everything went well so far and my periods slowly started to disappear. But the lazy person that I am didn't do anything about exercising in those 5 months, until now. I jog if I get the getting-fat-scare and ever since I have been jogging I have been getting these periods, heavier en more painful then before. What is up with this? Is there any way to stop this? Can it be that my IUD is been going loose and wild inside my uterus? HELP?!
first_time_pregnancy_for_women_40_	First time pregnancy for women 40+	Public	 Pregnancy 	6	This group is for women that are 40+ and that are NATURALLY pregnant (without IVF or other treatments) for the FIRST time (excluding tubal pregnancies, DNC, etc...) Other members are welcome to give feedback about their first natural pregnancies.  :)*NOTE* Please keep in mind that the FOCUS in this group is: women over 40 that are pregnant for the first time and without fertility treatment. I am bringing attention to this because we all know that pregnancy threads can easily get off subject and mostly turn into conversations about infertility and treatments when women over 40 are involved. :)
glen_nordstrom	Glen Nordstrom	Public	 Men's Health 	3	In this day and age I believe active sexual relationships are important to seniors. It seems like every time the topic of sex is discussed, especially between senior males, the term ED (erectile disfunction) comes up in the conversation. My understanding is that this problem can be mental or physical. I think it would be interesting and beneficial if senior men had a place to discuss this issue.
grandparenting_advice_support_and_fun_tips	Grandparenting Advice Support and Fun Tips	Public	 Children's Health 	7	Hi everyone I thought it may be nice to have a special forum for us grandparents, or grandparents to be.My little grandson son is 6 days old. His mommy just turned 17 and his daddy is my son who is off in the Army.Lets brag, talk, offer support, concerns on grandparents rights.For those who have older grandchildren you can help with wisom when we run into snags...like my Holly Chases mom she was out cleaning and painting rental homes with her father just 4 days after giving birth...I HAD to tell her gently I thought she should be resting and it was too soon for such activty.She didnt listen so I had to let it go...17 and a mom  she had about 15 minutes of labor and the baby sleeps 4 hrs at a stretch.shes a lucky young woman, and so am I to have her and my beautiful grandson...Love at first sight indeed.so chime in ask questions  or just brag away...this forum is wide open..with just a few stipulations...we will be respectful and support each !
happy_healthy___or_so_i_thought___ra_young_adult	Happy Healthy...or so I thought...RA young adult	Public	 Autoimmune 	13	I am wondering if i am alone out here. As anyone else with Rheumatoid Arthritis I have a laundry list of ailments and medications all managed by my fabulous Rheumatologist...*insert thank you note here**I have gone through some phases so far of this disease: Denial (which was silly and quickly had 3 Dr.s all agreeing that I need to start RA meds), Confusion, resolved with Education, Depression (caused by the Education), now I am nearing Acceptance. Anyone else out there? I am only 27.. just doesn't seem fair. I know neither is life, however, why is it that no one understands my constant pain? Why do people think i am in a bad mood when i forget to wear my mask? its not that i promise it's only the 10 new nodules on my hands, the redness, the fevers, sleepless nights, the swelling, the embarrassment of not being able to move my hands or feet or shoulder or neck!  Cant they see I tried to put on my mask today, its just that my hands stopped working half way to the finish line!Please if I am not alone here I'd love to hear your story of your mask that you put on everyday.
green_host	Green Host	Public	 Infectious Diseases 	1	Green Host Contribute to a cleaner, better environment by going for green web hosting services. Green hosting is energy-efficient, environment friendly and supports reduction of carbon dioxide emmisions by using renewable energy credits. Host your websites and blogs with a webhost who powers your sites on climate friendly wind powered servers
hate	hate	Public	 Diabetes 	4	hate
hair	hair	Public	 MedHelp General 	8	if you have hair loss,dandruff,too dry or too oily hair,etc...!! let us know,we'll help you have healthy hair.....
hair_styles	hair styles	Public	 MedHelp General 	9	what hair style is suitable for you??!our purpose is to make some hair styles!!!!:)
handsome	handsome	Public	 Men's Health 	2	we're gonna talk about what we should do to be more handsome?!.................
hammon	hammon	 Private 	 Diabetes 	1	I am 46 years old. Can i still be pregnant?
h1_n1_flu_vaccine_adverse_reaction_group	H1N1 Flu Vaccine adverse reaction group	 Private 	 Neurology 	51	A support group created for people who have had adverse reactions to the H1N1 flu vaccine that provides a positive place to exchange of information and friendship while healing.
hard_to_love	Hard To love	Public	 Women's Health 	1	For anyone with issues about them self meaning vaginal diacharge,vaginal odor.Has been to the doctor they dont know whats wrong,This is a group that talks about the embrassment.What to do. What to try. Just someone to talk to about it,In general everything thats going on with this problem and how it affects you.IT'S ALL ABOUT THE PROBLEM AND YOU.TO BE YOU AGAIN !!
group_track___we_will_stop_smoking	GroupTrack:  We Will Stop Smoking	Public	 Addiction 	32	"We Will Stop Smoking" members look forward to kicking their cigarette habit one day at a time. By using MedHelp trackers, FAQ's, discussions & tips, together we'll achieve healthier-lifestyle goals in an inspirational setting. Come join us today, as "We Will Stop Smoking!"
group_track___we_are_growing_healthy_babies	GroupTrack:  We Are Growing Healthy Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	72	As a group of expectant parents looking forward to their new pregnancy, we'll be using MedHelp trackers, apps, pregnancy FAQ's, discussions, health pages and videos, to accomplish our daily goal for a healthy pregnancy. But there's one more VERY important ingredient that only YOU can add -- Lots of Laughter along the way! Come join us today, as you Grow Your Healthy Baby!
happy_living_and_happy_cooking	Happy living and happy cooking	Public	 Healthy Living 	1	Come here and discuss abt happy living and happy cooking becauselife has been circle for these two things.
group_track__we_want_a_natural_birth	GroupTrack: We Want a Natural Birth	Public	 Pregnancy 	50	For women and men who believe that birth is a natural process that requires little or no medical intervention welcome to We Want a Natural Birth. For those who are unsure about natural childbirth please join us as we will use many MedHelp trackers, health pages, polls, FAQ's, videos and resources to share about the pros, cons, delights and fears of birthing naturally. This is a peaceful place of refuge for expecting mommies and daddies alike! Please note that I am not a medical professional and this forum is a public domain. If you have any medical concerns you will always be asked to consult with your doctor or midwife. I will also be posting links to graphic birth photos and videos (you will always be forewarned).
happiness_for_all	happiness for all	Public	 General Health 	2	thinking positive is a golden key ,, its lifts spirt ,, banishes negitive thoughts  ,, in return creating happiness for all ,,,,, if you need asvice ,,want to post photos or any thing thats you find inspearing , please do  ,, smile  ,, this will also promote healty living and spirt  ,, just notice the difference  ,, im also told i give very good positive advice  ,, weclom
group_track_challenge__we_re_going_gluten_free_	GroupTrack Challenge: We're Going Gluten Free!	Public	 Thyroid 	19	Welcome to our Gluten-Free GroupTrack Challenge!  Together, we'll see if we can feel better.Looking forward to seeing you all soon! . (* Please check with your physician before changing your diet)
hanging_out_with_my_bipolar_friends	hanging out with my bipolar friends	Public	 Diabetes 	6	a place to chat and share your experience and meds ...
happymoms	HAPPY MOM'S	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	This is group is for all the mommies out there!!! You can post your questions about raising your child or if you have something to share about how you raised your child. If you have any queries in regard to illness and all those stuffs about your babies/kids, you can post it all here! :)
happy_moms	HAPPY MOMS	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	This is group is for all the mommies out there!!! You can post your questions about raising your child or if you have something to share about how you raised your child. If you have any queries in regard to illness and all those stuffs about your babies/kids, you can post it all here! :)
guillian__barre__syndrome	Guillian  Barre' Syndrome	Public	 Rare Diseases 	1	Tingling and numbness of feet that moves upward. Severe pain upon movement or touching. Progressive paralysis.
gordo_challenge	Gordo challenge	 Private 	 Healthy Living 	1	gordo challenge
has_anyone_tried_eft_emotional_freedom_techniques	Has Anyone tried EFT Emotional Freedom Techniques	Public	 Pain 	1	People with chronic stress and pain often need another tool in our toolbox in order to start feeling better.  EFT is a complementary technique which works with all other treatment modalities for pain relief.  It might just be what you need to jumpstart what you are already doing.  If anyone here is curious about EFT, or if you have tried it and want to report back, this is a safe place to ask questions or to talk about your experience with EFT Tapping.EFT involves tapping on a few acupressure points while thinking about the pain and stress.  It is easy to learn and start doing yourself, and brings relief to many who try it.  You can search the internet for EFT and find guides, manuals, youtube videos and other ways to learn about EFT.
gym_girl	Gym Girl	 Private 	 Women's Health 	1	Welcome to the Gym Girl Fit Friendzy group!
hashimoto_disease	Hashimoto Disease	Public	 Thyroid 	3	Thyroid Auto immune disease
helicopter_moms__parents__debate_group	Helicopter Moms (Parents) Debate Group	Public	 Children's Health 	5	This Debate Group encourages Healthy Discussions/Exchange of Pro's & Con's  -- Are Helicopter Moms (Parents) Good or Bad for your child?
health_insurance_professionals	Health Insurance Professionals	Public	 MedHelp General 	4	To exchange and share the experiences to help people understand and make best use of health insurance
HBV_Treatments	HBV Treatments but not by IFN or antiviral drugs	Public	 Hepatitis 	15	In this HBV group let us share information and experiences relating to HBV management that is not by IFN or antiviral drugs.
herbal_remedies	Herbal Remedies	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	28	A group to compile natural remedies for various health issues.
help_of_the_thyroid_and_throat	Help of the thyroid and throat	Public	 Ear, Nose, Throat 	1	Need help for thyroid and throat
help_get_off_pills_please	help get off pills please	Public	 Addiction 	117	It's hard to get off pain pills when you can't get out of bed without them. You need them but they take over your life. How do you do it? Cold turkey? Wean yourself off? Substitute with other pills? Help others if you know the answer. Or any help for that matter.
healthy_life	Healthy life	Public	 Diabetes 	18	Avoiding synthetic drugs and using natural products in the right manner might help us to have a healthier life, so let's share our knowledge and new findings regarding to natural products ( naturally made and found )
help_with_medication_costs	Help with Medication costs	Public	 MedHelp General 	3	I would like to form a group which would help each other to report on medication costs,sources of low cost medications, free sources,help compare prices.I would start of by recommending one site..www.ezmedicalinfo.com..to find $4 generics from different pharmacies and free antibiotics from some pharmacy chains
hate_____	Hate!!!!!	Public	 MedHelp General 	3	we can share our ideas about sth/sb you hate...!!!!!!!!
helse_og_ern_ring	Helse og ernæring	Public	 General Health 	7	Dette er et diskusjonsforum om helse og ernæring. Del tanker, personlige erfaringer, fakta, oppskrifter, tips og råd om alt fra sunt kosthold til naturmedisin.
meditation	Healing Body and Mind with Meditation	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	39	This is a group for those who use or plan to use techniques such as meditation (multiple disciplines), breathing exercises, yoga, Qi Gong, Tai Chi, movement meditation, and all similar mind and body therapies.This is a place to ask questions, share experiences, give answers,share what has worked, what hasn't worked....to be a community of support for those of us who practice these techniques, and the impact of them on the quality of our experiences.Namaste
healthy_coffee	Healthy Coffee	Public	 Healthy Living 	4	Healthy coffee,tea and hot chocolate.Made with ganoderma. Adaptogens. Antioxidents.Great for symptoms. Many health benefits. All natural.Ganoderma also available in capsules.Oatmeal. Tooth paste. Soap.  Share your ganoderma testimonies. Network.Host healthy coffee parties and discuss healthy living goalsand lifestyles.
hcg_level_on_ist_beta	HCG level on Ist beta	Public	 Pregnancy 	5	HI, I just got my first Beta test and my HCG came at 141 and doctor said i am pregnant and i am due for my next test on Friday: 9/10Can any one tell me if the Beta level is good enough.. we were hoping for twins as 2 excellent quality embryo got transferred and my stomach is very much  bloated for Onebut doctor said, its most likely to be one..Is there a chance of having twins with this HCG..?
hcg_receipes	HCG Receipes	Public	 Healthy Living 	36	This group is for recipes for those of us HCg & HHCg users.  HCg is a Very Low Calorie Diet (VLCD). You may place Protocol recipes in this group.  Also, If you care to place Rouge Items you may do so but please note that if you use a rogue item, indicate that it is a rogue item.  Many HGc users have a different weight gain or loss due to rogue items.  Some people lose weight and other gain or stall.  This group may also share secrets or ideas to help others in when and how to get by during stalls or gains such as apple days, steak days and egg days.  Most important, lets share our HCg Journey with anyone who would like to join or show interest in weight Management.We welcome everyone to share any Protocol Phase 2 or Phase 3 meal so that everyone can experiance a pleasent change in the proper foods that we should have during our Rounds.  If you have a great receipe but its not for HCg, please add it to another group that looks for those recipes but if your not an HCg user, you are still welcome to try these heathy meals to help you in your weight management.  This site is strickly for Protocol but may include a Rouge Item.  Also note that anyone on P2 or P3 that is trying a rogue item is trying them at your own risk.  Remember, you can't go wrong sticking to Protocol.  Finally, lets have some fun and feel free to express what you think of each recipe so that others will have an opportunity to try something different. Pictures of you meal are always appreciated.
hep_c_and_russian_people	Hep C and Russian people	Public	 Hepatitis 	3	Hep C and Russian People suport group.
health_journal	Health Journal	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	We invite Healthcare professionals like you from the fields of medicine, medical research, Healthcare IT, insurance, Pharma, testing and hospital administration to write about their everyday experiences, innovative ideas, educational  lectures, complaints, calls to action or whatever and whichever way they think they can either benefit Healthcare or the Healthcare stakeholders. We believe in information therapy and we think this group can be a good platform to reach people with your views and ideas.
hep_c_hot_topics	Hep C Hot Topics	Public	 Hepatitis 	38	This is a place to have spirited discussion of topics that overheat on the Hepatitis C forum and the Hepatitis Social forum
help_with_pain_and_pain_medication	Help with pain and pain medication	Public	 Pain 	51	Hello all;  I am asking for your help and/or advice.   I had two spinal surgeries a year ago and have been in Chronic pain ever since.  I had spinal stenosis and was told that I could be paralysed soon if I did not have a cervical fusion. I was at 78% blockage at that point.OK So since then I have been living a totally dfferent life, a life full of pain, fear, limitations, anxiety, and depression.Right now I have been on Oxycodone 10/325 for a year.  I am up to taking 150 of them per month along with anxiety meds, depression meds, muscle relaxers!!!  18 months ago I barely took an asprin.My question and concerns are that the oxycodone is not working anymore.   I am scared to ask my doctor for anything else.  What I would like to do is replace it wth somethng that will work.   I do not know what this would be and how to ask.  I have recently moved from AZ to CA and have only seen my doctor one time.  My muscles are twitching all night to the point  I can not sleep, my pain is constantly a 6-7 with meds and I can not live like this anymore.Any suggestions for coming off the meds, asking for what will work, help n anyway.  Doc suggestions for the Modesto area would be great tool.I am slipping fast and do not know how much longer I can take it and how to fix it....Thanks for the help,
help_on_depression_from_p2_p	help on depression from P2P	Public	 Pain 	1	we can talk to each other about what we are going through and maybe give sum advise on the situation if were going through similar experiences  BTW im nephy and im hear to share care and listening
heart_health	Heart Health	 Private 	 Heart 	1	All about maintaining a healthy heart and coping with the challenges of hypertension, hypotension and heart disease.
healing_through_god	Healing through God	Public	 Hepatitis 	1	This group is for people who believe in God's healing and the power of prayer.  If you need prayer please post a request or send me an e-mail and I would be happy to pray for you.  May God bless you and hold you in the palm of His hand.
health_care_	health care-	Public	 Dental 	1	I want to discus about the headlight available in the markets and its qualities, resolution and magnifying power.
hepa_b_phil	hepa B phil	Public	 Hepatitis 	14	for more info on the hepa b carrier.
hereditary_hemochromatosis__hhc_	Hereditary Hemochromatosis (HHC)	Public	 Genetics 	1	This is a rarely diagnosed and the most common genetic disorder/disease in North America,  that causes IRON OVERLOAD in the body's tissues, organs and joints and I am welcoming anyone who has unexplained arthritic joint and muscle pain, diabetes, liver disease, heart problems, and hormonal issues in both male and female, Northern European background, predominantly Irish and Scottish, have unexplained ELEVATED LIVER ENZYMES and have dr.s tell them they have FIBROMYALGIA or OSTEO ARTHRITIS to join this site and tell their stories. Only by sharing information will we be able to save lives!!! Early detection is the key. Join now and share your frustrations, your diagnosis, your questions.
heart_surgery_recovery	Heart Surgery Success Stories	Public	 Heart 	1	Every patient has a recovery story that can benefit at least one other patient. What was the single most important recovery advice that YOU RECEIVED in the hospital, from your doctor or the nurses?What were the most important recovery tips that you DIDN'T RECEIVE receive in the hospital, from your doctor or the nurses?What recovery tips would you like TO SHARE with new patients?
home_detox_off_methadone	Home Detox off Methadone	Public	 Addiction 	35	For anyone DETOXING of METHADONE at home
hpv_anonymous	HPV Anonymous	Public	 HIV/STDs 	13	A place for persons with HPV to share information, stories and to give and get moral support.
hernia_	Hernia 	Public	 MedHelp General 	18	This forum  is for those who are is need of information about hernias or suspected hernias. It offers practical advice on treatments, expert treatment providers, and other resources. In addition, those with hernia surgery complications such as post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome or inguinodynia are welcome to ventilate; support/help others; and offer or receive practical advice on what options might be available to them to help ease or even eliminate their suffering.
hidradenitis_suppurativa	Hidradenitis Suppurativa	Public	 General Health 	16	A support group for those suffering and living with Hidradenitis Suppurativa.
hpv_and_cervical_cancer	HPV and cervical cancer	Public	 Cancer 	11	To discuss the many issues involved in cervical cancer diagnosis and prevention, especially vaccination. For example, does vaccination against 2 HR-HPV genotypes really prevent cervix cancer, can it cause cervix cancer if the vaccinated woman is already a carrier of HPV, and how do you monitor vaccination programmes? Also important issues on improving cervix cancer detection programmes and how P16 increases accuracy of cytology and histology results.
hiv_current_topics	HIV Current Topics	Public	 HIV/STDs 	33	This is not an active group. Please post in the appropriate HIV forum.---------------GROUP CLOSED--------------------
holiday_celebration_group	Holiday Celebration Group	Public	 MedHelp General 	27	In this group you may chat about any holiday. You may talk about your holiday ideas, plans, etc. here as well as mention your upcoming Birthday if you wish to do so. This is a wonderful group for anyone to come together and talk about the many various holidays from anywhere around the world.
hiv_risk	HIV: Are you the risk factor?	Public	 HIV/STDs 	22	We are now under NEW MANAGEMENT. We hope to provide comfort to those who believe they may have contracted HIV, while also providing instructive and educated reasoning and guidance.
hooked_on_oxy	hooked on OXY	Public	 Addiction 	13	How to help family members or loved ones see that they have a problem, and their life is out of control.
herniated_disk	Herniated Disk	Public	 Healthy Living 	9	This is a group for all of those that suffer from Herniated Discs, Bulged Discs and Back Pain in General.
housewifes_of_new_jersey_club	Housewifes of New Jersey Club	Public	 Diabetes 	1	If you like the housewifes of new jersey  talk and share your thoughts about  the show and the ladies and whats going on.
honestly	honestly	Public	 Addiction 	11	this is for people that just cant stop using i have been getting high for 35 yrs i just love to nod and be in my own world its cost me everything amagable was in prison 21stright yrs got high everyday maybe missed 6month totally their was dope 24/7 been though it all still cant stop BUT THESE LAST 3WEEKS i really given thought maybe its time ill get 2days clean and mess up never had any clean time i guess cause i am never a bad doing dopefeine i always had a hustle got plenty of street smarts and common since does anyone fell like me
homeschooling	Homeschooling	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	This group is for moms/parents who are either already homeschooling their children or are considering this option.  This group is meant to give homeschooling parents or potential homeschooling parents, support, ideas, resources, etc.
hiv_test	HIV Test	Public	 Healthy Living 	6	Everything about HIV Tests
hi_ts_for_health_and_wellness	HITs for Health and Wellness	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	This Group will educate members about health information technology (HIT) generally. Specifically, knowledge about personal health records (PHRs), and interoperability with electronic health records (EHRs), electronic medical records (EMRs), and other HITs will enable members to better direct their health care, manage medications and chronic conditions, and get the most benefits from their wellness efforts.PHR is an aid for preventing "jumbling" of health and medical details to ensure the most effective and highest quality of care.
how_to_last_longer_in_bed	how to last longer in bed	Public	 Diabetes 	1	Majority of men wants to know how to last longer in bed but it is not that easy to overcome unless you control the situation with Firminite.
HSP	Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia	Public	 Rare Diseases 	1	I have yet to find any groups that deal with Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia.  I have recently been diagnosed with this and am looking for others who have been, as well.  I am still in the learning process of this disease, but maybe we can all learn from each other.  Thank you!
hiv_lets_talk	HIV LETS TALK	Public	 HIV/STDs 	42	Anything You want to talk about related to hiv I am here to assist with any concerns and anyone is welcome to post a question and join the group.
http___www_chathour_com_chatroom_clinical_depression	http://www.chathour.com/chatroom/clinical_depression	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	2	i have a new depression chat room everyone join    http://www.chathour.com/chatroom/clinical_depression
herpes_dating	herpes dating	Public	 Diabetes 	4	everyone who have herpes,hpv or other STDs ,please join us.there you can share others' dating stories or find your love.
hiv_support_for_long_term_survivors	HIV support for Long term survivors	Public	 HIV/STDs 	1	This group is for long term survivors living with HIV or AIDS.  Created by a verteran living with HIV/AIDS for 16 years
hiv_writing_therapy_group	HIV Writing Therapy Group	Public	 HIV/STDs 	1	This group is for people  living with HIV or AIDS.  Created by a verteran living with HIV/AIDS for 16 years, I use writing to help with my therapy, for any writers or aspiring writers you are welcome here.
heroin	Heroin.(Group for people that share my pain...)	Public	 Addiction 	3	i dont have to describe anything. you already know if your like me.. like us....
hip	Hip	Public	 Pain 	1	After having gastro. problems for a long time. I found out through a C.A.T. Scan, I have a fatty liver. The D.R. Ordered a exray which came back showing a lesion on my hip. Can anyone tell me what I may be facing
herpes	Herpes	Public	 Diabetes 	1	Getting diagnosed with Herpes can be the worst moment of your life. However, in order to safely and confidently date with genital herpes you should definitely know a few things. DateHSV.com can help you deal with and overcome any issue which genital herpes might create in your dating life. So take a deep breath. And realize taking little steps every day will help you recover and heal from this experience.And I promise, you will find happiness again.
i_beat_mg_	I Beat Myasthenia Gravis!	Public	 Autoimmune 	2	I overcame Myasthenia Gravis! I want to share ideas with other Myasthenics and their friends on they may improve their condition based on my personal experience and holistic approach.
ibs_crohns	IBS-Crohns	Public	 Digestive 	10	Discuss how these chronic digestive problems dictate your life.How to cope, kind of medications
if_you_describe_your_ailments_as_a_nightmare__read_this_	If you describe your ailments as a nightmare- read this!	Public	 Autoimmune 	27	This is for anyone who is suffering from any of these symptoms: knees that buckle so you fall, fainting,seizures, weakness so you cannot walk, vomiting, joint pain, UTIs, fallopian tubecysts in the uterine, blood clots, rashes, skin sensitivity, severe headaches, hair that falls out in clumps, brain fog, confusion, anxiety,  medical tests that show no reasons for these symptoms, tingling in the extremities and or numbness, back pain and other debilitating symptoms. If you were healthy and have become debilitated in a short time with no real reason...These symptoms have been known to be caused by Rheumatoid Arthritis, which causes: Celiac's Disease, Vasculitis and perhaps other known diseases.The rheumatoid arthritis may have been caused by medicines, foods or vaccines- like Splenda ( or sucralose laced foods ) made by Johnson and Johnson, Gardasil a vaccine by Merck, Aspartame made by Monsantoorother unknown things ingested by the body that may have:chlorine Polysorbate 80It may also have been caused by other triggers unknown presently. The REASON for this group is to analyze these symptoms:the diets of those who experience them the drugs they may be taking any previously injected vaccines.
infertility_issues	Infertility Issues	Public	 Women's Health 	93	My husband and I have been trying to conceive for 3 years now with no luck. I was diagnosed with PCOS and have irregular periods. I took Metformin for about 6 months which caught my periods up a lot and now i get it at least once every two months. Does anyone have any suggestions??
hydranencephaly	hydranencephaly	 Private 	 Neurology 	1	Baby born with brain stem and only part of the cerebellum
immunity_support_with_transfer_factor_molecules	IMMUNITY SUPPORT WITH TRANSFER FACTOR MOLECULES	Public	 General Health 	4	NOW EVERYONE CAN SHARE IN ON THEIR EXPERIENCES, CONCERNS, COMMENTS AND EXPECTATIONS OF ONE OF THE LATEST AND MOST SUCCESSFUL ADVANCES IN BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH TRANSFER FACTOR MOLECULES COME JOIN US. YOUR STORIES, ADVICE, COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, CAN ALL COME TOGETHER TO CREATE A TRANSFER FACTOR COMMUNITY WITH A WEALTH OF INFORMATION FOR EVERYONE TO BENEFIT FROM.
immune_support	IMMUNE SUPPORT	Public	 General Health 	2	TOGETHER WE CAN CREATE AN IMMUNE SUPPORT COMMUNITY. PLEASE JOIN IN WITH EXPERIENCES, ADVICE, COMMENTS, STORIES ETC, WHATEVER YOU CAN SHARE.
in_the_news	In The News	 Private 	 MedHelp General 	18	This group is for the discussion of events happening "In The News", so as to form a better understanding of how these events effect our lives on a local, national and international level. The people in this group consist mainly of those that don't buy into paranoid, conspiracy theories and political scare tactics.This is a private group. If you would like an invite to this group, please send a message to Flmagi.
hypothyroid_aussies	Hypothyroid aussies	Public	 Autoimmune 	10	This is a group for hypothyroid people in Australia, to share our experiences and knowledge. Also, I decided to make this group so we can share information on any good doctors out there.
hudtips_	Hudtips!	Public	 Dermatology 	4	Hudprodukter, sminke, kvisehjelp eller kjerringråd? I dette forumet er det om å gjøre å samle de beste rådene for bekjempelse av dårlig hud!
if_i_take_suboxone_for_1_week_will_it_help_with_my_methad_withdrawal	If I take suboxone for 1 week will it help with my methad withdrawal	Public	 Addiction 	2	I have been on mmt for 3 1/2 yrs85m, last 4 months  45 mil  2 weeks ago they tapered me 5 ml a day it has been hell for 10 days now.If I take a suboxone for a few days will I feel okay after that,I need to know if the withdrawals will just postpone for a few days or if it will help.I cant take another night of not sleeping.Someone Please Help!!
hydrocephalus	Hydrocephalus	Public	 Diabetes 	8	Hydrocephalus
infertility_and_scared_	infertility and scared 	Public	 Women's Health 	9	if you where just diagnosed and unsure what to do just ask someone can help with advice this is for people that need a shoulder to cry on and build strength from each other
in_undiagnosed_limbo	In Undiagnosed Limbo	Public	 Digestive 	7	First off I would like to welcome you all to this group. I hope you can find the help and support you need here. I decided to create this because for the past two years I have been dealing with undiagnosed GI problems. Through my search online to find some answers I found a handful of others going through the same things I am, and others with different GI problems. Alas, no answers.I don't know how to be a support group leader but I do know how much it helps to feel like your not so alone in what your going trough. It really helps to have people you can talk to about how awful you feel when your friends and family either don't understand or are too used to you being sick to be as sympathetic as you'd like them to be.I am also new at running a group so feel free to tell me if I'm doing something wrong or if you have any suggestions on how to make this a better and more comfortable place!I really only have one rule; everyone should be 100% respectful of each other. It's true that there is suffering in the world greater than your own, but we all live our own lives and can't always put our own pain in a greater context. Sometimes knowing that it could be worse, doesn't make it any better, and we should all be mindful and respectful of this.
hypochondriacs	hypochondriacs	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	2	A group for people who feel like they might have caught that and are starting to show the symptoms. Someone take me to the hospital quick I feel like I am dieing.
humans	HUMANS	Public	 Men's Health 	2	This is just an open forum group about what ever is on your mind, now or later. So let the WORDS begin...
infant_and_newborn_gastrointestinal_issues	Infant and Newborn Gastrointestinal issues	Public	 Children's Health 	2	Don't let your doctor diagnose your crying baby with colic, as it may lead to months and or a lifetime of unneeded suffering. Colic is a diagnosis that is being misused and underlying issues going undiagnosed.Join this group to be your childs advocate, your baby's voice, and learn how to get the help and relief you and your child deserve.
if_u_love_tha_life_u_live_and_who_w__but_something_is_missing	If u love tha life u live and who w/ but something is missing	Public	 Sexual Health 	3	example of my issue: been married 10 years im 25 been tog. 11 years but i have absoutely no desire in haveing sex anymore. i love my man hes sexy and 100% good to me "but y do i not want to pleasure him/show affection & intmacy anymore?" I really need some help!!!! Im gonna loose my angel if i dont figure out something. There r times he thinks i want or am with another man cause he dont get that security of intimate passion that married ppl who r in love share. I love him and only him, never want to loose him or never go betraying his trust like he wonders. I DESPERATELY NEED SOME HELP!!!!!
hyperemesis_gravidarum	Hyperemesis Gravidarum	Public	 Pregnancy 	8	This group is for ladies who are currently pregnant and suffer from HG, or ladies who have had it in previous pregnancies. Know that you're not alone in your struggle, and talk to ladies who have been in your place once before. Please note that this forum is regular members, and we only speak from experience. If you have medical concerns or need immediate medical attention, always call your doctor/midwife or go to the ER.
i_have_narcolepsy_and_my_brain_won_t_leave_my_pillow_	I have narcolepsy and my brain won't leave my pillow!	Public	 Sleep Disorders 	8	I have narcolepsy is especially for those that live with this condition but also; This is a group where sleep disorders can be discussed.  Ask and answer questions from one another.  Tell about your story, or just, let it all out, to relieve some of your stresses that you have from the overwhelming day to day life with a sleep disorder.  Sometimes, we just need someone to listen.
i_have_lupus_but_lupus_doesn_t_have_me__	I have Lupus but Lupus doesn't have ME!!	Public	 Diabetes 	1	Stories, concerns and questions for lupus sufferers!  A place to come and share you story (ies).
i_wanted_you_before_you_were_born	I Wanted You Before You Were Born	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	Going Thru IVF Process
ileostomy_reversal	ileostomy reversal	Public	 Digestive 	1	trouble with constipation...
infertilidad_pr_	Infertilidad PR 	Public	 Women's Health 	1	Este grupo es para todas aquellas que residimos en Puerto Rico o para todas aquellas personas de habla hispana que eatan sufriendo de infertilidad y no an logrado quedar embarazadas, aqui puedes expresar tu sentir sobre tu lucha, pedir consejos, hacer sujerencias, expresar tus sentimientos, tus frustraciones y compartir tu historia, aqui encontraras a una amiga que entiende tu causa y puede ayudarte. Únete!
indirect_motions_that_really_mean_direct_actions_that_will_get_negative_reactions__wat_do_we_do_	indirect motions that really mean direct actions that will get negative reactions, wat do we do?	Public	 Men's Health 	1	talk about private secret thoughts, fantasy, dreams...responses,andor cures. lets talk people
interstitial_cystitis__ic___pelvic_pain_support_forum	Interstitial Cystitis (IC), Pelvic Pain Support Forum	Public	 Pain 	55	This support forum is for those who suffer from Interstitial Cystitisand Chronic Pelvic Pain and for those who support them.  IC is a very individual and often difficult to treat painful illness.  IC often has many other conditions that exist along with it adding to the Pelvic Pain.This forum is to provide support, encouragement, and education so that together we can find treatments and hopefully someday a cure!
intention_tremour	Intention tremour	Public	 Neurology 	5	A place for people with intention Tremor to meet and swap stories
infidelity	Infidelity	Public	 Sexual Health 	83	For those who have been a victim of an affair and are trying to get their life back on track.  This group can discuss the feelings and emotions behind it and also support those who are trying to recovery from it.
ivf__should_be_insured___	IVF..Should be insured...	Public	 Pregnancy 	15	I think if Insurance companies can have plastic surgery and cosmetic surgery covered on your insurance, why cant IVF?  IVF is for people to have children that cant naturally.  What is the difference between "a young girl getting pregnant and the GOVERNMENT PAYING for her delivery and hospital stay"  then "IVF being insured even if its just 80%/20%..or even with a deductible..I just dont understand why we have to pay 10000+ odd dollars to have a baby..by the time we get done PAYING all this money....WE CANT AFFORD TO TAKE CARE OF THE CHILD........OKAY..I HAD TO VENT.. SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOkay ladies...What is your comment on this?
jesus_come_in_to_my_life_salvation_request_	JESUS COME IN TO MY LIFE(SALVATION REQUEST)	Public	 MedHelp General 	9	iF you would like to recieve jesus christ  as your lord and savior come and say the prayer of salvation and recieve what the lord wants to give you ,  he calling  all you have to do is open your heart and recieve.we are here to prayer together , and to listen . we are here to bear each others burdens . (Mat 11:28-30)Come unto me, all ye thatlabour and are heavy laden,and I will give you rest. {29}Take my yoke upon you,and learn of me; for I ammeek and lowly in heart:and ye shall find rest untoyour souls. {30} For my yokeis easy, and my burden islight.PRAYER OF SALVATION( pray aloud)Father, God in heaven, it is written in Your word that if I confess with my mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in my heart that You have raised Him from the dead, I shall be saved. Therefore, Father, I confess that Jesus Christ is my Lord. I make Him Lord of my life right now.  I believe in my heart that you raised Jesus from the dead.  I renounce my past life with satan and close the door to any of his devices.I thank You for forgiving me all my sin.  Jesus is my Lord, and I am a new creation.  Old things have passed away. Now all things become new, in Jesus' name.  Amen.
inspiring_stories	Inspiring stories	Public	 MedHelp General 	35	Let's share some true inspiring stories
january_2011_babies	January 2011 Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	21	This group is for anyone expecting a baby right after the new year.
j_pouch	J-Pouch	Public	 Digestive 	15	This is a group for those who have undergone or are thinking of undergoing an ileoanal reservoir, J-Pouch, K-Pouch, etc. as a result of ulcerative colitis, crohn's, cancer, or familial polyposis.  Come and share your experiences and assist others.
jeg_er_gravid	Jeg er gravid	Public	 Pregnancy 	2	Dette er et forum hvor gravide kan utveksle erfaringer og tanker.
kenalog_victims___cortisone_side_effects	Kenalog victims - cortisone side effects	Public	 Dermatology 	2	Anyone else out there with an atrophied patch of skin as a result of a cortisone injection?
insulin_pump_partners	Insulin Pump Partners	Public	 Diabetes 	8	If you use an insulin pump to control your diabetes, this is the place for you! Come here to get support from your fellow pumpers.
international_cooking	International Cooking	Public	 MedHelp General 	41	This is a forum for everyone from around the globe to share their recipes. I am aware that there is a forum for healthy cooking, that's why I thought of starting this one so every recipe can get out there. Recipes don't necessarily have to be "healthy". But do make sure they are tasty. Not trying to encourage an unhealthy diet, but once in a while, you do crave to eat something that might not be considered a part of a healthy diet. Obviously, yes everyday meals should be healthy. Also if someone posts a recipe and you try it with some addition to it and you liked, please post it again so we can have different versions of the same dish.
insacure__talk_about_it_	Insacure? talk about it.	Public	 Pain 	1	So many people suffer from insecurities and lack of confidence mostly caused by public opinion ie ; Magazines, personal attacks. well the best medicine I believe is to talk about it. If you have ever felt insecure about your body, looks, mind or anything of the sorts please feel free to join this group and talk amongst others with similar stories and or those who have overcome these issues in hopes you will find your cure.
july_2011_babies	July 2011 Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	36	Hello,  I think it's time to start a group for July 2011 Babies!!   Please come and share your stories -  Let's go through this exciting journey together  :)   I'm due on July 7 and it's my first pregnancy - good luck everyone.   Tessa
job_seek	Job Seek	Public	 MedHelp General 	4	A group where job seekers can  network and discuss ideas and strategies for finding a job in this tough economy.
jogging_for_newbies	jogging for newbies	Public	 Healthy Living 	1	A place to give and get tips on jogging and overall healthy living for begginers!
june_2011_newborns	June 2011 Newborns	Public	 Children's Health 	9	This group is a continuation of the june 2011 babies group continuing the conversation from pregnancy to birth and baby development.
international_trade	International trade	Public	 Diabetes 	1	Who want to do the international trade , please coming !
intermittent_fever_never_settles_down	Intermittent fever never settles down	Public	 Respiratory Disorders 	1	Hi, My father is 70 years old, He is a farmer and works in the clod areas of Gilgit Baltistan Pakistan. He has a cold cough and fever around 15 days back than soon he have some breathing issues. After consulting a cardiologist he had a chest x-ray and an echocardiogram, which concluded in a cardiomegale, a thing rim of pericardial effusion, mild LVH, Good systolic function.After having him admitted in the hospital for three days though the breathing issue has been lowered but the fever is still not settling, he has a continued fever (some times stewing as well). My doctor had asked for many testes for this eg, ANA, Heamatology  test, LFTs, RFTs,Urine examination(both physical and chemical), SErology reporting(RA factor), Malaria paracite test, Ultrasound of abdomen,special biochemistry tests(c3, c4), viral Hepatitis (HBsAg, Anti CV) etc  will giving  negative results except ALT(SGPT) AST(SGOT) and ALK Phosphatase to be at higher end (i.e 160, 128 and 832 respectively) . My doctor has not reached to a clear diagnosis. May I request any diagnosis based on aboove given information and would you think to recommend any more tests?Appreciate an early response,Kind regards,Mazhar Ali
ivf	IVF	Public	 Pregnancy 	19	Share experiences, Ask questions, answer questions on IVF
iud_experiences	IUD Experiences	Public	 Women's Health 	3	Describe your experience with the Paragard or Mirena.  Or ask questions for others to answer.
january_2013_babies	January 2013 babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	2	Are you due in January 2013? Join so we can be happy and miserable together :)
jesus_loves_you	Jesus Loves You	Public	 MedHelp General 	4	Are you depressed or feel like no one cares? Do you feel like life isn't worth living any more? If so, please listen when I tell you there is someone who cares. It is Jesus Christ. He loves you so much that he was willing to die on the cross so that whoever believes in him, may have eternal life. A life with him in in Heaven, a kingdom with no end. A place of unending joy and peace. A place where there will be no more pain or suffering. If you wish to learn more, please join this group. Jesus loves you and has his arms out wide waiting for you to accept him into your heart. Will you? He will really change your life for the best.
iron_disorders___awareness_can_save_your_life	Iron Disorders - Awareness Can Save Your Life	Public	 General Health 	2	How many of you have been told you are anemic OR iron deficient? Did you know that you can be anemic AND iron load at the same time? Did you know that elevated  iron is or can be the number one culprit in major disease like liver cirrhosis, diabetes, heart failure, neuropathy, arthritis, cancers, and can be the at the root cause of IBS, MS, fibromyalgia, intestinal and digestion disorders, Alzheimers, Parkinson's, hypothyroidism, infertility and impotence...? The list is endless, and yet iron overload from genetic mutation passed on by your parents and runs in families is the most common genetic disorder and is also the most rarely diagnosed, until someone is in end stage organ damage or failure. Please join this group and share your stories of undiagnosed illness, strange symptoms, dr. tells you tests are "normal", prescribes anti-depressants and/or pain killers instead of geting to root cause of symptoms. This discovery can save your life or someone you know and love.
intimacy	Intimacy	Public	 Sexual Health 	1	Get & give the most with intimate encounters. Sharing & addressing questions, thoughts, concerns, advise, etc. A safe place to express vulnerability.
live_for_today	Live For Today	Public	 MedHelp General 	11	This group is for terminal illness.  Or for illness that might be terminal, or shorten lifespan.  To focus on "living for today".
life	life	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	8	i want to learn about the life.i want to know how i can adapt myself with problems and how i can increase my self-confidence.
living_with_ic	Living with IC	 Private 	 Pain 	1	This is a support page for all of us that suffer from IC. We all need someone to listen and pray for us. This is what this page is for. Never give up. We can get through this disease.
life101	Life101	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	This is about the ups and downs, ins & outs of this precarious thing we call "life".
living_with_rheumatoid_arthritis	living with rheumatoid arthritis	Public	 Autoimmune 	6	sharing our stories helps everyone
l5_s1_nerve_impairment	L5/S1 Nerve Impairment	Public	 Neurology 	1	Possibility for variety of impacted muscles (e.g. calf muscles, hip muscles, bladder) requiring mental and physical compensation methods to retain a degree of ability.
lennox_gastaut_syndrome_intractable_seizures	Lennox Gastaut Syndrome/intractable seizures	Public	 Children's Health 	1	Children usually 1 year and up have multiple seizures, usually multiple types,  seizures do not completely stop with medications. Global developmental delays.
life_101	Life_101	Public	 General Health 	2	This is about the ups and downs, ins & outs of this precarious thing we call "life".
klienfelters_syndrome	klienfelters syndrome	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	for people who think they may have, or have just been diagnoised with kleinfelters syndrome, this forum is also those who have kleinfelters syndrome who are undergoing fertility treatmenteverybody welcome
listas_de_las_xocolateras	listas de las xocolateras	 Private 	 Pregnancy 	1	jajajj me ganaron con la lista
long_term_undiagnosed_	Long Term undiagnosed 	Public	 Neurology 	4	Hi, lots of history. Had some type of problem about 15 where when I turned my head it felt like someone hit me on the back of the lower head with a baseball bat. Screamed and never heard it.  Dr. said maybe pinched nerve.  This was the beginning of a long and horrible roller coaster ride.  I just turned 59 and got disabled in 2006 after many things but then a sight robbing bout of Optic Neuritis. I had had it before but didn't know what it was and it got better.  This time it took my acuity vision in (L) eye to read and some loss of color.
kids_that_people_love_that_do_drugs	kids that people love that do drugs	Public	 Addiction 	4	it is a group were a person can feel free to get advice, talk about there family members,or friends,or anyone.no judgement, just kinda talk about issues.
living_with_hsv_1_2	Living with HSV 1/2	Public	 HIV/STDs 	7	A group for people living with HSV, sharing stories of how u came in contact with it. share tips and home remedies of how to deal with the pain burning and itching. or anything else dealing with hsv.
live_events_for_ms	Live Events for MS	Public	 Neurology 	20	There are many opportunities to interact live with experts in MS - either by teleconference or in person.  I will continue to post notices of these coming events on the main MS Forum, but will also copy them to this group.The posts on the main forum move so fast to the second page, this group will give us a central location to check for these live events without having to continually bump them.If you know of a presentation in your area, or a teleconference or video conference on the internet that might be of interest, please feel free to add it to this group.Remember, we can't learn too much.  Knowledge is power, and we're in this together.be well, Lulu
living_with_a_pregnancy_loss	Living with a pregnancy loss	Public	 Pregnancy 	42	For all the mothers who have suffered a pregnancy loss and have had trouble dealing with the days,weeks,months and years to follow.If you are here following the loss of your baby – at any point and however long ago – my heart goes out to you. It is incredibly difficult to find the word to describe how it feels when your baby dies. And sometimes even the most carefully chosen words are not enough. Here you can let your emotions run free without any crude rude or insensitive reactions.-No judgement-
livingwithcancer	Living with Cancer!  The Postive Side!	Public	 Cancer 	2	**********************************************************************How Can we Live with this deadly Disease!  Lets sit back and take a look at the Positive Side of this and how we can beat cancer and not let it beat us************************************************************************Bobby L. Beaulieu, Sr. C. Ht. is a Certified Hypnotherapist who Founded InnerVoice Technology to help everyday people harness their inner strengths in order to reach their full potential.A recovering alcoholic, Bobby Beaulieu has personally experienced the incredible power of the human mind during his journey from the depths of drunkenness, homelessness and numerous suicide attemts through his present battle with stage IIIB lung cancer, far exceeding a life expectation of 10-16 months that accompanied his initial diagnosis in March, 2002.Empowered by the love for his son and the deep desire to be a father, Beaulieu set out to defy bodily roadblocks by spiritual means with the help of hypnosis and subliminal technology.Bobby Beaulieu’s familiarity with the lure of alcohol and cigarettes, and the pain that goes along with their abuse, gives him the unique opportunity and credibility to help others who may find themselves in similar situations.-- Jeremiah 29:11 "For surely I know the plans I have for you, says the LORD, plans for your welfare and not for harm, to give you a future with hope."
living_with_sarcoidosis	Living with Sarcoidosis	Public	 Diabetes 	4	Autoimmune disorder
looking_for_egg_donor_black_or_mixed_race_donor_eggs_wanted	Looking for Egg Donor/Black or Mixed Race Donor Eggs wanted	Public	 Pregnancy 	2	Black or Mixed Race Donor Eggs wantedWe are an interracial couple from Toronto.  He is of European decent (white/Caucasian) and I am Black/African American.We are looking for an egg donor who can help us to make our dream of having a family together come true. Someone of  BLACK or MIXED RACE, healthy, average weight and height, non-smoker.We are also interested in and are open to a SHARED CYCLE or if anyone has eggs left over /or frozen and would like to DONATE to us, this would be highly appreciated.We are looking to do IVF as soon as possible.If you feel you can help and for further discussions, please contact us at camille2011@live.caMany blessings to you, all!    Thanks in advance
late_period	Late Period	Public	 Women's Health 	24	This groups for anyone having problems or has questions about that time of the month :) What's going on? I have had my period since I was 12 I am now 17 nearly 18. The last 4 months or so.. My period has been a week or even two weeks late than in should be I should have got it on the 3rd it is now the 11th I still don't have it so when I do get it say I get it around the 24th the next months a should get it around the 24th but I won't get it till maybe the 7th or 8th if not later.. Help me? What's going on?
l_iving_in_the_p_ast	LIving in the PAst	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	3	I am 36. and embarrassed to say, that im having a really hard time getting older. i have 3 children 1, 9 and 12, I didnt have a great time in High School. and I know there are many worse things that can happen and believe me i am living them, depression, anxiety addiction and many more, but i am making  this group to see if anyone out there feels the same and what i can do to just realize the point i am in my life and enjoy it other  than wish i was 17 again, doin things over in HS and actually enjoying it this time! i do think this has a lot to do with all of my other problems... i dont know, but it makes me depressed a lot! so if anyone else feels the same, let me know im not stupid for feeling this way, my husband makes me feel that way enough....
long_term_mental_health_problems	Long Term Mental Health Problems	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	8	I have had bipolar disorder for 68 years as well as having had to deal with other mental health issues. I have come to realize as the decades have taken me from my childhood and adolescence into late adulthood(60 to 80 years of age) that, for some people, mental health issues are not sorted out by quick fixes.  For some people these issues of the mind and emotions, body and soul, face them their whole livies--if not just for a few decades or a few years. This group, then, is for people who are in the mental health fight for the long haul.  Others with short term problems needing short term fixes, wanting short term answers to their problems may also benefit from veteran battlers who post in this group.
larg_bone_girls	larg bone girls	 Private 	 Women's Health 	1	for those girls who want to talk about the big or protruding bones in thire bodies..............please share us
kmo2626_s_social_forum__	kmo2626's Social Forum..	 Private 	 Diabetes 	2	Social forum.
knee_pain_	Knee pain?	Public	 Pain 	7	I woke up a couple weeks ago, and I had some pain in my right knee that made it hard for me to bend it. It escaladed to the point where if I straighten it or at least try to it kills me as well as bending it and putting pressure on it by kneeling on it. I have a past of rheumatoid arthritis but I don't know if this would have to do with my knee or it go on everyday for the past few weeks. A lot of forums say I tore my miniscus but I don't think a person can do that in their sleep.. Can someone please tell me what they think it might be?
law_suit_induced_stress_and_anxiety	Law Suit Induced Stress and Anxiety	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	Stressed out about the slow, complicated and expensive legal process with undeterminable outcomes.
lsquare108	Lsquare108	Public	 Neurology 	1	Looking for treatment options for pain associated with cerebral degeneration.
loving_a_angry_child	Loving a angry child	Public	 Children's Health 	21	I am starting this group to find others like me... I am a mother of 2 beautiful boys. My first born child is a smart boy, everyone loves him... He is great with animals, he loves art, and legos.  He is great, until he becomes upset.  His violent/angry behavior started at 4 1/2.  I have tried so many things...  I have made mistakes, regrouped, tried new things...  My husband pointed out to me the other day "It is sad that a good day to you is one in which your child has not hit you".  I would like to hear stories; success, struggles, suggestions...  Very few people have ever seen this side of him.  Two different women whom I spent time in my home with.  I rarely let people visit because of fear of his behavior. He has now struck one of my friends--  His teachers never believe he is capable of such behavior. His grandparents know him to be difficult but not violent. He has started getting very rough with his brother, though his rages are generally directed at me.  I live on my own with them, except the weekends when my husband comes home. It makes for a lonely existance.  I am working on a degree in human services, to go on to Child Psychology (pretty sure).  I just wish I could understand more of what is happening in my own home.  I'd like to talk to more people like me-  (I realize I should have wrote "an angry child" but cannot fix it now... )
madhavipasumarthy	madhavipasumarthy	Public	 Heart 	1	Home maker with two children. Husband diagnosed with viral myocarditis, hypertensive and diabetic.
MGhandehari	M-Ghandehari	Public	 Ear, Nose, Throat 	1	I'm an optometrist, primary eye care specialist in Shiraz-Iran. My interests are  Tennis, Mountain and  Semi professional  photography
lovers_want_to_consive_boy_____	lovers want to consive boy.....	Public	 Pregnancy 	5	how to get male in pregnancy feel free to join let us know of your experienses of  love sex or when yu consive boy or girl what may bring yu to fertilest position and etc.....
low_progesterone	Low Progesterone	Public	 Women's Health 	38	After seeing millions of postings on Medhelp and elsewhere about women having low progesterone, many having one or more miscarriages as a result, I thought there should really be a group focused on low progesterone. Whether it's before conceiving, while TTC, or in early pregnancy or later, this problem affects untold numbers of women. I hope this group can be a place for sharing information regarding treatments and supporting each other through this difficult situation.
love_and_life	love and life	Public	 MedHelp General 	19	any one who needs incouragement,and or just some one to talk to!!! just open up and talk no one judges any one no one tells you you are wrong, there is love laughter and maybe a tear or two!!! so come on over and join me you never know you could be laughing all night or just be inspired.. God speed.
maken_children	Maken children	Public	 Diabetes 	1	YOUNg women lets discuss everything about the (Bby maken)
love	love	Public	 MedHelp General 	3	we can share our ideas about sth/sb you love...!!!!!!!!
march_2011_babies	March 2011 Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	64	This is the place to ask questions, post information, and share stories and support with other women due in March 2011. Congrats on your pregnancy!
magnesium_and_your_health	Magnesium And Your Health	Public	 Healthy Living 	7	Please delete board.
lyme_disease	Lyme Disease	Public	 General Health 	14	Let talk about Lyme disease.  It is epidemic everywhere in the US and is also worldwide.  The tests for Lyme disease are estimated to be only 40-60% accurate in detecting Lyme.  What about the co-infections with Lyme.  Those are just as painful.  I also want to advocate for children with Lyme in Schools.  What schools have actually adapted and changed their School Policy to give these students more rights to a workable education (IEP, 504).?
love_moon_or_lala_moon_sanitary_napkin_lovers_	Love Moon or Lala Moon sanitary napkin lovers!	Public	 Women's Health 	1	This group is for all who`s using Love Moon Anion Sanitary Napkin<---really AMAZING!
lovelife_advice	LOVELIFE ADVICE	Public	 Diabetes 	3	Problems about love and life..
lupus__fibro__antiphosphpolipid_antibody_syndrome_and_other_autoimmune_life_stoppers	Lupus, Fibro, Antiphosphpolipid Antibody Syndrome and other Autoimmune Life Stoppers	Public	 Autoimmune 	58	Have autoimmune diseases such as Lupus, Antiphoshpolipid Antibody Syndrome, Fibromyalgia, Reynauds, and others seemed to have stopped your life in its tracks? Do you just need an outlet? Would you like to share your story or draw on the experiences of others? This is the place for you.  No negativity will be tolerated. Only support, respect, and healing found here.
males_with_bpd	Males with BPD	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	4	BPD is rare in males. Is it? From what we understand, there are no proven clinical results for males with BPD and in fact, past and current research on male BPD has been neglected if not ignored by the psychological community at large. Some research has even dared to eliminate males from its findings. Gender comparisons to BPD as been constantly divided, pointing to some ugly generalizations such as domestic violence, sex offenders and a majority of prison inmates upon the BPD male, thus dividing gender-based distinctions. Our goal for is to enlighten, educate and discover why BPD is rare in males and to solicit the global mental health community to permit more research on males with BPD.Find us on Face Book at https://www.facebook.com/pages/BPD-Males/173062222744287
male_issues	MaleIssues	 Private 	 Diabetes 	4	This is a test group exploring the mailing functionality of user groups on this site.
mama_s_with_smartphones	Mama's with Smartphones	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	This group is just for fun! Feel free to talk about your Smartphones and advice you may need on it.
maladaptive_daydreaming	Maladaptive Daydreaming	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	3	A support group for people who daydream their lives away.
loss_of_a_baby	Loss of a baby	Public	 Women's Health 	1	This is for people who have had a loss of a baby in the womb or outside of the womb.
man_exam	Man Exam	Public	 Cancer 	2	The Testicular Cancer Fight, is Black & White: Early Detection = Increased Chance of SurvivalTesticular cancer is one of the most curable cancers – if caught early enough. Doing the monthly self-exam can increase your chance of survival. ManExam™ Coalition for Testicular Cancer Awareness is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization committed to making sure that men between the ages of 15 and 50 know the symptoms, and know the “man exam.” Please take a few minutes and learn the exam. And remember to forward this site to family and friends around the globe. Together, we can spread the message and help save an entire generation of men.
losing_weight_while_ttc	Losing weight while TTC	Public	 Pregnancy 	23	I think it’s very important to be at a healthy weight when trying to conceive.  It not only increases your chances of conceiving but prepares you for a healthier pregnancy. I am starting this support group for not only those that are trying to win the baby bingo, but also are trying to go in the right direction in the healthy department. Maybe you don’t need to lose weight, but just need to start exercising more or to be a healthier you. This would be the group for you.
lose_a_100__pounds_and_still_live_your_life	Lose a 100+ pounds and still live your life	Public	 MedHelp General 	5	The main purpose of this group is about sharing ideas and tips on weight loss with each other, as well as sharing anything and everything related to weight loss, healthy-eating and exercise; realising and achieving your dreamsThe other point is to try and determine what works for each one of us, and it has to be easily manageable for an entire lifetime without pressure or strain. The group is also about inspiring and motivating ourselves to push boundaries, not in weight loss only, but also in life. If you wait until you're thin before you can live your life to the fullest, then you may never get the chance to live. Start living now! Forget the stress, the self-hatred and the lack of confidence; live and appreciate being alive. Take a bite at one of your "unrealistic" dreams, and maybe just the taste itself will inspire to chase after it. Get out of your "comfort zone cage" and take a moment to live completely. Learn about yourself, understand your body, know how food makes you feel and use what feels good. Don't allow the fabric of life burn you into complete shyness... you're not made of "flammable" paper, you're made of much sterner stuff!!! And while you're at it, break out of the cage that your weight has locked you in... Claim your freedom with a team of people who understand exactly what it is you're going through
major_depressive_disorder__major_anxiety__	Major Depressive Disorder/ Major Anxiety  	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	need to chat with someone with the same problem.  It seems to be getting worse.  on Cymbalta.  I'm 51 and currently a student.
loss_of_sense_and_smell	loss of sense and smell	Public	 Neurology 	1	I am looking for people that have lost their sense of taste and smell i cant find support anywhere and i need help i have been without since last december and i just need to know i am not alone
photographers	Medhelp Photographers	Public	 MedHelp General 	38	To join, you don't need to have photography experience or a fancy camera. All you need is a camera and the joy of taking pictures.
medhelp_gardeners	Medhelp Gardeners	Public	 MedHelp General 	31	Whether it be a single container garden or a huge backyard garden, you're free to come and share your gardening experiences with other members, get help, and just have fun. This also includes houseplants. Need help with a troublesome houseplant? Here's the place to discuss with other members and get help. All we ask is that you please keep all discussions appropriate for general audiences and safe for work, family, etc.
migraineurs_support	Migraineurs Support	Public	 Neurology 	189	A place for migraineurs to discuss anything and everything related to migraines. Topic suggestions:Think of this as a support group for migraineurs. Reach out to group members when ever you need support. Give your support to fellow migraineurs. You, as a migraineur yourself, probably have a wealth of knowledge to share with others. The knowledge that you have could vastly improve the quality of life for another group member. Share share share!Discuss your current acute and preventative treatment plans. Ask others about their current acute and preventative treatment plans. Discuss past acute and preventative treatment plans as well... we can always learn something from what didn't work! Discuss your own personal tips and tricks for lessening the severity of acute migraine attacks. Post about your upcoming GP or Neurologist appointments. Ask other group members questions about what to expect and suggestions on how to prepare. Update fellow group members on your progress... both on set backs (so that we can provide support, suggestions and hope!) and on successes (so that we can congratulate you and so that you can provide other group members with hope!).
medical_marajuana	Medical Marajuana	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	32	A discussion about the benefits of marajuana and other home remediesA discussion about legal matters, self help, political will, anything goes!  The whole Pharma system has been warped by the almighty $$, Marajuana is cheap compared to Pharma!
micropreemies_	micropreemies 	Public	 Children's Health 	2	Parents of Babies who were born before 26 weeks gestation and the joys and issues of raising them.
midlife_crisis	Midlife Crisis	Public	 Sexual Health 	30	A place where people can come to discuss their experience with midlife crisis.  Support and words of wisdom for the spouse that is not in crisis, what is going on in the head of the spouse who is in crisis, how each party can best handle it, what works and does not work.
mental_health_chats	mental health chats	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	321	I noticed there are many groups for each illness. So I thought of an idea to have a group where we can talk about many different mental illnesses, share our stories, suport each other, and hopefully make friends. Anyone is welcome who has a mental illness or knows someone who does or is just interested in this discussion. Topics covered include depression, anxiety, bipolar, autism, schitzophrania, and ect. So feel free to mintion other mental or emotional problems that arn't listed too.
mexicanas_de_28___	MEXICANAS DE 28...	Public	 Diabetes 	3	.
migraine_support__visual	Migraine Support (Visual)	Public	 Pain 	7	This is a group for any people who have been experiencing Visual Migraines, such as ocular or PMA (Persistent Migraine  Aura) ones.
medical_tourism_in_india	Medical Tourism in India	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	Medical tourism is basically a practice of going abroad to obtain health care services.There are so many benefits of going abroad from the native country to obtain health services such as lower prices, less wait times and new technological improvements. Many countries are able to offer complete travel packages including airfare, transfers, surgery costs and even post-operative vacation care.Medical and Health Care services in India now are really improved a lot while having a large no. of Hospitals with latest technology equipments.A medical vacation allows you to bring friends and family, provide some post-operative rest and relaxation, often a very high quality of service and care in luxurious accommodations.India has many corporately owned hospitals that do not have the overcrowding issues that many public hospitals have. India's Artemis health Institute performs many operations a year and holds a mortality rate that is less than half that of many U.S. and European hospitals.Now the question arises is that how to promote medical tourism in India?If someone has any idea about how we can promote medical tourism in India please let that apply.Thanks
mexicanas_al_grito_de_un_bebe______	MEXICANAS AL GRITO DE UN BEBE!!!!! 	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	HOLA! ALGUIEN DE MEXICO ? O ALGUIEN DE 28 DIAS QUE SIGA VIGENTE POR AQUI? QUE SIGAN EN BUSQUEDA DE SU BABY? BUENO ESPERO ALGUNAS SE ACUERDEN DE MI =( JA! ME FUI CASI DOS MESES POR QUE ME DIO EL BAJON CAÑON PERO AQUI ESTOY DE NUEVO! MMMM OJALA PODAMOS IR PLATICANDO POR AQUI VALE? LAS QUIERO Y VAMOS QUE LO CONSEGUIREMOS TARDE O TEMPRANO OK!
medical_tourism_india	Medical Tourism India	Public	 Healthy Living 	2	Medical Tourism India – Heel Wheel India - is a medical tourism facilitator Provides List of hospitals in India, Treatment Tours for Hip Surgery, Plastic Surgery, Obesity Surgery Cosmetics Surgery in India and Overseas Health Care Services
may_2011_babies	May 2011 babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	58	This is the group for all those wonderful ladies who are due in may 2011..
medical_bills___illness___ugly_combination	Medical Bills & Illness...Ugly Combination	Public	 General Health 	5	It's hard enough trying to FIGHT an ILLNESS. When you get hit with OUTRAGEOUS medical bills on top of it...it can be MORE than DEVASTATING.My husband and I have LOST and STARTED OVER more times than I care to admit because of my medical bills.This group is for YOU to be able to VENT about the effects of medical bills on YOUR LIFE. I also hope that information can be shared about programs out there for THOSE who do NOT have medical insurance OR could use help with some kind of SUPPLEMENTAL insurance. There are also PRESCRIPTION programs out there I intend to DISCUSS in the near future.Feel free to post any programs that you are aware of, that can help with PRESCRIPTION and or MEDICAL ASSISTANCE.  :)I hope that this forum allows people to meet OTHER individuals in SIMILAR circumstances. Times are getting even tougher and it HELPS to be able to TALK about it to somebody.PLEASE keep POLITICAL debates or HEATED discussion for GROUPS that have been ESTABLISH for such CONTENT. This FORUM was NOT set up for POLITCAL debate, nor to be USED as a POLITICAL platform, BUT for MORALE support. This site does NOT allow PROFANITY(unless in use of describing an emotion)NOR does it allow BASHING,  MEAN, RUDE OR HARMFUL comments toward another individual. Any comments of such nature will be REPORTED and REMOVED.
men_s_club	men's club	Public	 Sexual Health 	32	Welcome to  club for men !
march_fet	March FET	Public	 Women's Health 	2	Anyone doing a FET March 2011?
relaxation	meditation	Public	 Diabetes 	2	if you need to be realived of stress come here
mental_emotional_health	Mental/Emotional Health	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	16	If your feeling down and need a little pick me up, want advice or just want to talk this is the place to come.
mechanical_heart_valve_	Mechanical Heart Valve 	Public	 Heart 	1	Have you had a mechanical heart valve inserted? How are you doing with the change in life? Was it mechanical or live tissue (pig valve) How are you dealing with being on Coumadin/ warfarin.. any questions or support and how you are doing would be a great way to compare the "zipper" stories
medical_billing_and_transcription	Medical Billing and Transcription	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	Group for Medical Billing and Transcription professionals.
march2011moms	March 2011 Moms - Baby's First Year	 Private 	 Pregnancy 	10	This is the place to stay in touch with members of the March 2011 Babies group, now that our little ones have arrived!
march_2012_babies	March 2012 Babies	Public	 Women's Health 	9	A place to discuss your pregnancy with other moms who are due around the same time.
may_june_2012_due_date	May/June 2012 Due Date	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	This group is for the ladies that are due date between may 1st 2012 and june 30 2012. Everyone is welcome to join and post.
mature_singles_with_cronic_illness	mature singles with cronic illness	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	As I approach my mature years and also living with cronic illness I ask myself, Am I alone because I feel I have nothing to "give" ....I've done alot of soul searching and found I have to accept I can not do most of the physical activities I once did.. but found others in place .. my ex left me , he just didn't understand .. I don't want to be alone , I looked for a singles group here I was surprised there wasn't one.. wondering if anyone feels the same.
methadone_the_unknown	METHADONE THE UNKNOWN	Public	 Addiction 	1	WITHDRAWLS ,DETOX HOW LONG
msk__medullary_sponge_kidney_disease_	MSK (Medullary Sponge Kidney Disease)	Public	 Urology 	30	This patient Support Group is for discussions relating to MSK (Medullary Sponge Kidney Disease).  If you or somebody you know suffers from MSK, you've come to the right place to give, get, & share advice about this oftentimes painful, uncommon disease.   WELCOME to our GROUP ~ We're Here to Help!
military_spouses_and_family_support_group_	Military Spouses and Family Support group.	Public	 MedHelp General 	25	Welcome! This is a group for any family, friends, or spouses of anyone in any military. My husband is in the canadian army. I know what its like to be lonely, worried, and sad. I am here to personally help you with whatever you are going through and feeling. But lets all help each other as well. Questions, concerns, cooping with deployment, loss, postings, or just want to share how you feel at this time, feel free to. Remember this is a military support site, if you do not support the war or our soldiers and their families, please do not express it here. We do not need the moral of our soldiers to do down. Comforting words only. Remember that you might not understand what its like for some of our members so please be respectful. Lets share stories and keep our heads up when our soldiers are fighting for us.Thank you, Lucey.
munchausen_syndrome_by_proxy	Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	2	A rare condition, often found in family units where a parent is a health care professional (Nurse, etc).  The HCP either craves the attention or has phobias/manias of desease, illness, etc dragging their kids (even healthy) to a Dr. or hospital for unneeded tests and treatments. Often it shows up in those who are Hypochondriacs and cannot get the attention they need/crave/believe they deserve for themselves any longer, so they use their kid(s) to receive the attention instead.
military_wives	Military Wives	Public	 MedHelp General 	22	This is forum is for military wives of all branches in any country. It's for us all to vent, talk about our everyday lives and the things we deal with, to just to meet others in similar situations, and anything else we feel like talking about. I have learned over the last few years that being in the military is like having a very large extended family. We can help each other and give each other support, through deployments, hardships, family life, and raising children. Again I welcome you, and send out a special thank you to all those who are serving!
morphea_skin_disease	morphea skin disease	Public	 Dermatology 	5	people who have this condition and how they have handled it
multiple_system_atrophy	multiple system atrophy	Public	 General Health 	5	It is a neurological disease that takes your ability to eat ,drink,talk,walk and move because it attacks all systems of the body.It also stiffens your mucsles and robs you of the ability to move.It has a life expectancy of five to ten years after diagnosis.
native_american_canadian_circle	Native American/Canadian Circle	Public	 MedHelp General 	17	This forum is about anything that is Native American/Canadian.  It can be about healing, language, humor - anything.  You don't have to be Native to join.
multiples_mommas	Multiples mommas	Public	 Children's Health 	24	A group for mom's who have the joy of raising twins, triplets, quads, quints, sextuplets and more. Come share your stories, vent about daily life raising your multiples (and their siblings if there are any), share ideas and enjoy some mommy time!
music_lovers	Music Lovers	Public	 MedHelp General 	42	This is a group for those who love any kind of music.
moving_on_up_	Moving on Up!	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	7	This group is dedicated to Personal Development. We will discuss the various forms on theories on Personal Development, and general wellbeing. This is also a place to share motivational techniques, positive affirmations.
nascar	Nascar	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	Fans of Nascar
moms_wives_who_need_want_help_____	Moms Wives who need want help.....	Public	 Addiction 	9	mothers married women who are addicted to pills and want need help
my_husband_has_lost_interest	my husband has lost interest	Public	 Sexual Health 	1	anyone going through this i would like to hear how you deal with this issue
mitochondrial_disorders	Mitochondrial Disorders	Public	 Rare Diseases 	13	I wanted to start this group for anyone out there who may have been diagnosed with a mitochondrial disorder also. Or maybe just letting people know what this disease is about. It is still just getting known in the medical community so you may have to bring it up to your doctor if you think this sounds like something you have been going through. MITOCHONDRIAL DESCRIPTIONMitochondria are small energy-producing structures found in every cell in the body. They serve as the cells' power plants (responsible for the body's energy production, converting food into energy). It's kind of like having a brown out in your body. Mitochondrial diseases result from failures of the mitochondria, specialized compartments present in almost every cell of the body. They are responsible for creating more than 90 percent of the energy needed by the body to sustain life and support growth. The mitochondria are composed of tiny packages of enzymes that speed chemical reaction. These enzymes play an essential role in turning nutrients into energy: they are linked in the electron transport chain (ETC), also known as the respiratory chain, which creates ATP (cellular energy) through a process called oxidative phosphorylation. The respiratory chain is the final step in the energy making process in the mitochondrion where most of the ATP is generated. The mitochondrial enzymes (also known as complexes I, II, III and IV) are needed to generate the electron and proton gradient that is utilized by complex V to generate ATP. Defects in any of the enzymes could cause a mitochondrial disease. When mitochondria fail, less and less energy is generated within the cell. When this happens, cell injury and even cell death follow. If this process is repeated on a large scale throughout the body, whole systems begin to fail, and the life of the person in whom this is happening is compromised, changed or even ended. Currently there are no known cures. The treatments that are available are limited. Most treatments and medications address only symptoms of the mitochondrial disorder, not the disorder itself. Mitochondrial diseases are extremely complex; due to this complexity the severity of these diseases is unpredictable, and the range of symptoms is diverse. Symptoms may present unexpectedly at any age or they may be evident from birth or infancy. The presentation of symptoms depends upon which organs or systems are most affected by the malfunctioning mitochondria. Diseases of the mitochondria cause the most damage to cells of organs and systems that require a great deal of energy: the brain, the heart, the skeletal muscles, the kidney, liver and the endocrine and respiratory systems. The symptoms that I deal with most frequently are Fatigue, Exercise intolerance, Loss of motor control and balance, Muscle weakness, cramps, stiffness and/or spasms, Gastro intestinal disorders, Respiratory complications, Unstable body temperature, Migraine headaches, Visual/Hearing problems, chronically lowered immune system and susceptibility to infection. Add in high mental stress or extremely cold or hot weather and I suffer with seizures or stroke like episodes. I only have so much energy available on a daily basis. Some days I feel okay for part of the day. Some days I get tired just getting ready for the day. I still have to watch how much I do when I do have energy because it does not last long and overdoing will cause me to “Crash” for days or weeks. When I am in a “Crash”, I can barely walk from room to room.  The only thing to do to start getting over this is to rest. My doctor said when my eyes no longer focus, that’s the sign it is time to quit what I am doing and go rest. It's hard to plan ahead since I do not know how I am going to feel from day to day. I was diagnosed in 1999. It has been a long journey so far, and who knows what life lays ahead. But I deal with it day to day. Joyful
mthfr	MTHFR (Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase)	Public	 Genetics 	62	This Group was created for anyone wishing to learn, chat or share information relating to MTHFR.Many woman have suffered Miscarriage(s) and have no idea why.  For some of us, a genetic mutation called MTHFR is the reason.  MTHFR (or 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase NADPH) is a genetic mutation that has 24 known variants that affects the ability to absorb Folic Acid and can cause more severe problems in health and also in pregnancy.  There is much debate and dispute within the medical community regarding MTHFR and it's relationship to pregnancy loss or Recurrent Pregnancy Loss (RPL).  In all the confusion, there are many ideas and treatments along with schools of thought on how to treat or deal with MTHFR.
musicians_dealing_with_addiction_____how_to_stay_in_the_game____and_stay_sober	Musicians Dealing With Addiction.... How To Stay In The Game... and stay SOBER	Public	 Addiction 	8	I thought we could use a GROUP that deals with the specific problems MUSICIANS and people in the Music Business have to face.... Lets be REAL.... To be a "Sober" Musician IS NOT AN EASY TASK......
muslim	Muslim	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	This is a Muslim oreiented group I'm sure there's Muslim members here.
mirena_iud_T	Mirena IUD	Public	 Women's Health 	6	Users that recently got it and have had it for a while.Users that use to have it and got it removed are welcome to join as well. I'd like to have a group where everyone can share their input.**ADVICE, QUESTIONS, THOUGHTS, CONCERNS**
mommy_weight_loss_challenge	Mommy Weight Loss Challenge	Public	 Pregnancy 	22	This group helps supports postpartum moms get back in shape after childbirth.  Whether you are going to be giving birth in the next few months or you already have given birth, let us help support your weight-loss goals with tips, videos, diet plans, and exercise.  Join us for our weekly weigh-ins and fun-loving mom support.
music_a_natural_healer	Music a natural healer	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	I know music helps me a lot and Im hoping it will do the same thing for you.. To me the brain and and  the soul is connected and can fix them both and all kind of other thing. JImhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dm6qw_yeo6o&feature;=BFa&list;=PL430F49F7695FD634&lf;=plpp_video
mystery_illness	mystery illness	Public	 Neurology 	2	Welcome to the  Mystery illness Group. Courage to care couage to talk courage to love life and laughter.The unknown illness it ofen leads to drmataic changes in personality and behavior without altering physical appearance it effect everyone and the person who has the unknow illness .The great mind knows the power of gentleness and power with in you
motor_neuron_disease	Motor Neuron Disease	Public	 Neurology 	1	A forum to discuss about Motor Neuron Disease
mytearsarereal	MyTearsAreReal	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	2	We are a Cardiff based support forum.
mystery_pain	mystery pain	Public	 Pain 	1	For those who suffer in silence, for those who have seen many doctors and can't get a straight answer as to why you are suffering - Please share your stories with me as I will share mine with you.
ms_be_gone	MS Be Gone	Public	 Autoimmune 	1	A forum to share successful treatments  to relieve symptoms and ultimately to wipe out MS.
new_treatments_in_development	New Treatments in Development	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	39	This group is to discuss new treatments in development to have a better understanding of the future of recovery.
nintendo_fan_club	Nintendo Fan Club	Public	 MedHelp General 	19	This is a group specifically created for all Nintendo Fans to get together and chat about games for any Nintendo Gaming System. You may talk about anything Nintendo here, including but not limited to new game releases, gaming systems, game characters, etc. Anyone who is a Nintendo Fan is welcome to join this group. :)
nervous_ticks	nervous ticks	Public	 Pain 	1	if you have nervous ticks you cant control that happen randomly.
nervous_breakdown___at_the_limit	Nervous breakdown - at the limit	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	A place to talk with other that feel the same
nursing_home_medicaid_in_florida_	Nursing Home Medicaid in FLORIDA 	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	I would love to help anyone needing help with a nursing home Medicaid application
no_insurance__no_medicare__no_medicaid	No Insurance, No Medicare, No Medicaid	Public	 Senior Health 	8	People that are falling in the crack of having no way to get medical services because they fail to qualify for the government programs but cannot afford the outrageous insurance required to get medical help.
non12steprecovery	non-twelve step recovery	Public	 Addiction 	35	This group is for people recovering from addiction or dependency who are seeking an alternative approach to AA / NA groups.  Here I hope to discuss cognitive behavioral therapy, Smart recovery principles, exercise and diet.
necrobiosis_lipoidica_diabeticorum	Necrobiosis Lipoidica Diabeticorum	Public	 MedHelp General 	12	NL(D) is a problem that has afflicted many recently and I ask researchers and physicians to get interested in this group here sothat a possible cure can be found.  I run another group with over 700 members involved and all with one form of NLD or another.  We are all so different and come from all over the world.  So this group here is to provide awareness of Necrobiosis Lipoidica Diabeticorum and ask professionals who may have interest in this subject to get involved.  This is a short definition of this group and if you want to know more about NL(D), just google the above group's name in any search engine.  So please join me in getting more awareness and a possible cure for this skin affliction.  I have had NL(D) for over 32 years and was the first patient to be diagnosed with this problem over 30 years ago at Mayo Clinic!  Hopefully this group will make a difference!  Awareness is important.You will need to send a reason for wanting to join as I approve all new members.
native_american_canadian_healing_circle	Native American/Canadian Healing Circle	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	This is a forum that is intended to talk about Native healing, beliefs and other "issues".  You don't have to know much about Native people to and you don't have to be Native to join.
neck_nerves_compression	Neck Nerves Compression	Public	 MedHelp General 	7	Some years ago I inquired at this site to help solve a nerve compression problem in my upper neck. The result was that I have a solveable condition for which there is no known surgeon. It is difficult enough to drive 10 hours for a doctor's appointment and be confronted by apathy, terror, and quite possibly ignorance. I say the last item because I am told that my condition is no longer being taught by the medical community. I am at a loss to know where to go next and I am looking for guidance. I have used the category of 'other' because this problem is in-between the professions of ENT, Neurosurgery, Vascular Surgery, and Spinal Surgery.
new_members_group	New Members Group	Public	 General Health 	8	This group is for us newbies. It is an opportunity to meet friends and ask questions about the website. Newbies Unite!!
neutropenia___autoimmune_in_children	Neutropenia / Autoimmune in children	Public	 Autoimmune 	3	What is neutropenia?"Neutropenia" is a condition in which the number of neutrophils in the bloodstream is decreased. Neutrophils are a type of white blood cell also known as polymorphonuclear leukocytes or PMNs. Neutropenia affects the body's ability to fight off infections. Share your stories regarding this sometimes difficult diagnosis in children.  Many primary doctors are baffled by the range of onset symptoms in children. Let's see if we can work together to help raise awareness and find safe cures.
norsk_helseforum_	Norsk Helseforum 	Public	 Healthy Living 	10	Vi har laget en norsk undergruppe hvor alt innen helse kan diskuteres, alt fra vondt i hodet, vondt i ryggen, diabetes, dagligdagse problemer og lignende. Men at vi kan spørre og svare på norsk hvertfall.
no_more_mirena_	No More Mirena!	Public	 Women's Health 	10	This is a place to vent your concerns and issues with the IUD Mirena. Please, this forum is for those who did not or do not have a pleasant experience with this product.
natural_healing	Natural Healing	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	3	Please delete board.
natural_living_and_parenting_young_babies_and_children	Natural Living and Parenting young babies and children	Public	 Healthy Living 	1	Our group focuses on natural living with babies and young children. Learn all about home birthing, VBAC, natural cures, cloth dipaering,baby wearing, breastfeeding, co-sleeping, non-vaxing, ECing, making your own baby food, learing how to coupon, unschooling, and cleaning and natural ways of living. I am a mother of 4 children ages 6 months to 13 who never thought as myself as a hippie mama but I have proved myself to be just that. Be yourself and with others like you or just come learn about how we live.
november_2011_babies	November 2011 Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	23	Thankful For Our Nov Blessings!
new_methadone_community__2011	NEW METHADONE COMMUNITY; 2011	Public	 Addiction 	54	This is a new Methadone group starting in March;2011. This is a group for anyone currently on Methadone, looking to start Methadone,getting off Methadone or just in need of an answer about Methadone. If you currently have an addiction to another drug, please stay. Addiction is a lonely place and everyone is here for the same reason. We need someone to talk to. Please be kind and respect each others feelings. Please feel free to talk about everyday life or something important that is going on. If you need help please ask. If you do not get an answer, please go to  "Marebear74" and try there. This is my username and my MedHelp site. I am always here to listen to anything you need to talk about. Best Wishes To You!!!!
no_reason_for_inflammatio	No reason for inflammatio	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	Let us come forward to discuss the issue when reason for inflammation like high ESR and high CRP,blood in urine, joint pains,stiffness in body has not been diagnosed for any reason.Headache on frontal temporal with nerves poping up have not been found any reason, doctors came out with explaination that they can not do any thing , only DICLFENAC SODIUM advised. I dont think that this is the responsible reply of doctors in Canada. hundred of errors and careless in reading reports
neuroendocrine_tumors_cancer	Neuroendocrine tumors/cancer	Public	 Cancer 	4	Neuroendocrine tumors/cancer, carcinoids, MEN1, MEN2, neoplasms of the endocrine system. Hopefully those of us who have these conditions can find each other!
nursing_stidies_in_abroad	Nursing stidies in abroad	Public	 Diabetes 	1	The community of the student who is studying or wants to become International medical graduates .
non_epileptic_seizures	Non-Epileptic Seizures	Public	 Neurology 	15	This is a group for those who have had seizures which have not been diagnosed as epilepsy whether Psychogenic (PNES) or tied in with a medical condition such as POTS, drug use/withdrawal, or any other seizure-like activity which is NOT epilepsy.  This is for those who need support in options of who to see, tests to run, or where to get treatment.
november_2012_babies	November 2012 Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	12	A place for expectant moms to share.
naturopathy	Naturopathic	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	1	Naturopathy is the art and science of disease diagnosis, treatment and prevention using the healing power of nature. Naturopathic medicine aims to treat the root of the problem and cause of the disease. The health of the mind, body and spirit are all taken into consideration.A wide variety of chronic and acute conditions can be helped naturally with Naturopathy. Some of these conditions are:    Anxiety, Depression, Insomnia    Acne, Eczema, Psoriasis    Allergies and Environmental Illnesses    Arthritis    Chronic Fatigue Syndrome    Digestive Disorders    Degenerative Diseases    Menopause and PMS    Infertility    Pregnancy-related constipation and morning sickness    Post partum depression    Mastitis and breast feeding support
new_members_to_site_looking_for_friends	New members to site looking for friends	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	I just joined this site and didn't see a group for this so I decided to start one. I have never ran a group before, except on Facebook so if I do anything wrong, I apologize. I am looking for friends with similar interests and do not feel comfortable sending add requests to random people. You can look on my profile and see what health issues I deal with but pretty much almost every system of my body has been affected in some way. Join and chat away about anything that is within the guidelines of this site. Please no religious, political, or sexual conversations in here.
gaming_group	Please_Help950's Gaming Group	Public	 MedHelp General 	32	This is a group for anyone of any age, to get together to create/play games. If you would like, this is also a place in where you can chat about any kinds of games. Ex. Video Games, Board Games, Card games, etc.A great place to help ease your mind of your pain and have fun!!!!! :)
percocetrecoverygroup	Percocet Recovery.	Public	 Addiction 	29	A group for those who have battled or is currently battling an addiction with Percocet. In this group, we can all talk about our stories, where we are today and what we expect for the future!
panic_disorder_group	panic disorder group	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	37	We are a group that has panic disorder.
pet_anti_aging_wellness_society	Pet Anti-Aging Wellness Society	Public	 Pets 	1	m
panic_attacks_and_anxiety_disorder	Panic attacks and anxiety disorder	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	79	For those people who suffer from panic attacks even with meds, types of treatment,SAD effects and methods of dealing with them.
persistent_vegetative___minimally_conscious_state_advisory_group	Persistent Vegetative & Minimally Conscious State advisory Group	Public	 Neurology 	1	To help and gauide the caregivers of PVS & MCS persons.
people_with_severe_systolic_dysfunction	people with severe systolic dysfunction	 Private 	 Heart 	1	patient of severe systolic dysfunction
persistent_nausea	Persistent nausea	Public	 General Health 	3	Daily feelings of nausea for no apparent reason
patients_and_doctors	Patients and Doctors	Public	 MedHelp General 	7	Having numerous doctor appointments over the years, I have found myself in a variety of circumstances regarding patient doctor relationships. While the positive list is much smaller than the negative list, it is more important and worth a ten year search to find a quality primary care physician. Experience is a great teacher and sharing experiences can be very helpful to many people. A beating heart indicates life, Love and a beating heart brings kindness, trust, concern, comfort, encouragement, and a desire to help others. The goal - to improve doctor patient relationships by taking a look at what is happening and learning how to make things better.
picks_disease_ftd_and_dying	Picks disease FTD and dying	Public	 Neurology 	2	This is a group specifically for people who have Picks disease or FTD, frontal teporal lobe disorder.  We will talk about what it is like to live with Picks/FTD, symptoms, emotions, frustrations, caregivers.  We will also talk about the journey of dying since it is a ternimal disease.
parent_iep_special_education_community	Parent IEP/Special Education Community	Public	 Children's Health 	17	A community for parents to ask questions regarding their child's IEP program and discuss options with other parents on how to get through the process.  We are also all here to support each other when we all go through the challenges and miscommunications that can definitely occur when going through the IEP/Special Education process.  Our children are a gift and should be treated that way.
pet_grief_support___in_loving_memory_of_our_pet	Pet Grief Support - In Loving Memory of Our Pet	Public	 Pets 	35	On February 7th, my life was suddenly changed when I loss my most beloved 10 yr. old furbaby rottweiler Toby to a heart attack. I raised Toby since he was only six weeks old and was more than just a dog, he was a very important member of my family. When Toby died I felt as is a part of me had died with him and the pain, grief and sorrow that I experienced for over a year was life changing. As a long time active member with MedHelp, I felt that we needed a special forum for people as myself who have loved and loss a beloved pet and in need of comfort and support to express their feelings and share their story with others who have experience the pain of losing a pet.Only someone who has loved and loss a furbaby can understand the pain, grief and  sorrow that is experienced, so I dedicated this special forum to all our beloved furbaby  (cat, dogs, birds, horses, all creatures) that have passed and have left a paw print of love in our heart and taught us what true unconditional love is. They have now crossed over to that special place called Rainbow Bridge.
pleasingly_plump_to_plus_size_pregnancies	Pleasingly Plump to Plus-Size Pregnancies	Public	 Pregnancy 	57	This is a public group for plus-size women who are TTC or pregnant.  Let's share our experiences and concerns while we celebrate our curves and enjoy the new additions to our families.
parenting_newborns_and_infants__up_to_1_year	Parenting newborns and infants, up to 1 year	Public	 Children's Health 	83	This is a group for those of us who have newborn babies, or infants anywhere from the newborn stage up to a year since there is not a forum specifically targeted for that age group. I think it's very important that people have this forum to share experience and gain advice on the small things involved with newborn/infant care...and this is also a place for new mothers (or fathers!) to speak about the difficulties (or joys) about their new babies, and to get support if you feel like you're struggling with adjustment.Please note::: this forum is NOT a substitute for medical advice. If your newborn has any potential medical problem, seek professional medical help immediately. DO NOT WAIT FOR AN ANSWER ON THIS FORUM. Call your pediatrician or take your child to the nearest ER or Urgent Care Center. Any indications of serious distress, high fevers, excessive vomiting, lethargy, fussiness, lack of appetite, etc are all things that must be evaluated ASAP by a medical professional so please seek help and do not wait..newborns are delicate and time spent waiting could be vital.With that being said...please feel free to ask any and all questions about the day-to-day care involved with newborns and infants, and if you feel as though you're having trouble adjusting please feel free to speak your mind and vent your concerns here and get the support you need.Congratulations on joining our community, I hope that you find the friends and answers you're looking for!I also recommend this group for pregnant women who can hopefully learn some very helpful tips for once their bundle of joy arrives!
poas_addicts	POAS Addicts	Public	 Pregnancy 	46	POAS Anonymous GroupAll of us in the trying to conceive game have been there. You find yourself wanting to fulfill the satisfaction of doing an hpt but know very well it's too early. Well at POASAG we don't judge!
payoff_online_casinos	payoff online casinos	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	Online casinos have become very popular in the last few years. In fact, online casinos are always crowded with millions of players logging on around the world. However, a lot of users tend to see only the fun aspect of playing in online casinos. They pay no attention to matters of personal security information. These guidelines are aimed to help you be careful when playing online: When online and surfing through a casino website, always block any kind of popup that show up. Users need to do is download free software available on the casino’s website that helps protect them from hidden programs. payoff online casinos
phyllodes_oct_2010	Phyllodes oct 2010	Public	 Rare Diseases 	3	need some more info on phyllodes Tumour, have been told that my follow up is in 1 year. To me that is not enough and would prefer to be seeing in 6 months for my own assurance that it has nor recourr. Had biospy and then got infection after that. Then had tumour removed with some margin and now six weeks ago had to have excional margin to get a clear margin, I am told it is cancer and waiting for patog report which i had to write in to obtain it.would be greatfull if could get some respond to this as i am still scared. How long can a person life with this if it can grow back so fast and more aggresive. I am 52 in dec., and going through menopause could do with some addivse from people who have had this rare type of cancer.
personal_injury	Personal Injury	Public	 General Health 	2	Some of the best attorney are members of attorney associations. These associations offer a choice for the lawyer to become a member. The reason why this is a good thing is because the lawyer is putting their reputation on the line by putting their name on the line. Most associations are made to protect consumers. With these association websites, potential clients can read reviews and also add their own insight on certain attorneys. It should also be an easy tasks to find out the background of a divorce attorney by doing a simple online search.Personal Injury
parotid_gland_disorders_salivary_gland	PAROTID GLAND DISORDERS/SALIVARY GLAND	Public	 Ear, Nose, Throat 	2	For Those who do not know:  Your Parotid Gland is one of your Salivary Glands.  This Gland is located In Front of Each Ear.Many People Have Issues With The Parotid Glands.   Let's Open This Forum With Me Saying that we are not experts, but are here to support each other. Please Feel Free To Tell Your Story!
please__help_me_to_deal_	PLEASE, HELP ME TO DEAL!	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	Every where, every day, every one is going through something in their life that they are have an issue dealing with and no one to talk to about it. This can be a place where you can share the crisis you are going through without being judged and someone can help you with some information or even a kind word! Your never alone and should never feel that way. Please be kind and helpful when someone opens their heart with a question! We all have feelings and sometime they hurt! This group is for everyday problems and for something very personal and serious going on that is having a very tragic effect on you mentally and physically.
pelvic_surgery	Pelvic surgery	Public	 Urology 	2	Complications after pelvic organ prolapse surgery, problems, solutions, pain with sex.
pelvic_organ_prolapse_surgery	Pelvic Organ Prolapse surgery	Public	 Women's Health 	3	Personal experiences, good, bad or otherwise from patients who have undergone Pelvic Prolapse Surgery.  Pain? Discomfort? Complications? Questions?
parents_with_drug_addicted_co_dependent_children	Parents with drug addicted/co-dependent children	Public	 Addiction 	1	If you are a parent of a drug addicted or a parent of a child that is co-dependent, PLEASE join my group. A bit about me. I am a recovering drug addict and recovering alcoholic. I relapsed on alcohol on October 31, 2012, trying to cope with my 19 year old pregnant daughter who is due October 16, 2012 and is popping pills. I need support and can offer support.
parents_with_hiv_kids	parents with hiv kids	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	helpful info about insurances versus clinics
phhs	PHHS	Public	 Diabetes 	1	PHHS: project happy healthy sexyAll you need is a notebook, a pen and a goal! Lets get together and lose weight, be active and change our lives together.
positive_thoughts	Positive Thoughts	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	147	Hi,  My name is Survivable. Two years ago I started concentrating on Daily Positive Thoughts, and it has helped improve my emotional, physical, and spiritual, life.  If you agree, join this group, read my daily thoughts, add your positive thoughts, and/or comment. Thanks for visiting.
pregnancy_hard_times_	PREGNANCY hard times 	Public	 Pregnancy 	4	FOR YOU MOMS,WHO'S HAVING A HARD TIMES WITH ANY STAGE OF YOUR PREGNANCY. MAYBE TOGETHER WE WILL PASS IT SAVE AND SOUND AND BY THE TIME WE WILL BE READY TO HAVE THE MOTHERHOOD OF OUT DREAMS, JUST KEEP IT UP AS MUCH AS YOU CAN AND LET US BE HERE FRO EACH OTHER.
pregnant_but_worried	Pregnant but worried	Public	 Pregnancy 	21	As us mum's to be we are always worried about our pregnancy, come on lets all share our thoughts and help each other out..
postpolio_syndrome	Postpolio Syndrome	Public	 Orthopedics 	1	Decades after recovery from polio, new symptoms of pain, weakness and extreme fatigue begin in about 50% of survivors.
postsurgical_bowel_dysfunction	Postsurgical Bowel Dysfunction	Public	 Digestive 	1	Sometimes also know as "lower anterior resection syndrome," postsurgical bowel dysfunction is characterized by frequent fecal elimination in small quantities over several hours(sometimes with great urgency) following the removal of the rectum or colon or parts thereof.  I'm interested in communicating with people who have dealt with this problem and what they did to improve it. Thank you
prayer_warriors	Prayer Warriors	Public	 MedHelp General 	7	come join and become a prayer warrior or leave your prayer request and I pray for you, For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.
prescriptions	Prescriptions	 Private 	 MedHelp General 	1	Medcine
premature_ejaculation_advice	Premature Ejaculation Advice	Public	 Sexual Health 	26	Please join this group if you need help with premature ejaculation. We aim to provide a safe place to discuss this privately.Premature ejaculation is not discussed enough, even though more than 30% of men experience it regularly. Let's change that and get an open dialog happening.
pregnancy_after__tubal_reanastomosis___tubal_reversal___tr_	Pregnancy after  tubal reanastomosis ( Tubal Reversal / TR)	Public	 Pregnancy 	15	Just a group for ladies that have had a Tubal Ligation Reversal and are now currently TTC.. or are preggers as a result :)
pregnancy_after_a_tubal_reversal__	Pregnancy After a Tubal Reversal. 	Public	 Diabetes 	18	What type of surgery did you have, how soon after did you conceive, your age at time of surgery.
potty_training	potty training	Public	 Children's Health 	6	Kids potty training
pound_for_a_pound	Pound for a Pound	 Private 	 Healthy Living 	1	We are a community of people losing weight on purpose.  Pound for a Pound affords us the opportunity to lose weight and for every pound we lose, a pound of food is sent to starving children ($10 donation).
pregnancy__june_2011_babies	Pregnancy: June 2011 Babies	Public	 Pregnancy 	51	Pregnant women expecting babies in June 2011
pregnancy___june_2011_babies	Pregnancy : June 2011 Babies	Public	 Women's Health 	1	This group is for all the wonderful ladies having their baby in June 2011
polycystic_ovarian_syndrome_support	Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome Support	Public	 Women's Health 	39	A community for women who have Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome.
poplar_hill_	Poplar Hill 	 Private 	 Healthy Living 	6	I'm hoping this will be a way that we can see each other's trackers...haven't figured it out yet.
postpartum_depression	POSTPARTUM DEPRESSION	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	It's funny how this is affecting so many women world wide and it's such a hush hush issue.  Please speak about your experiences and what helped you.
primary_immune_disorders	primary immune disorders	Public	 Blood & Vascular 	3	Anyone suffering from a primary immune disorder and would like to share stories,gripes,or inspirational stories.I would like to chat.
pregnant___due_december_2011	pregnant & due December 2011	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	If you're pregnant and due December 2011 this is the perfect group to join
praying_for_a_miracle_after_tubal_ligation__	Praying for a miracle after tubal ligation..	Public	 Pregnancy 	3	So I havent seen any recent Forums about this. I am 31 and I had my tubal done in 2001 at age 22. I have regretted it for about the last 6 yrs. I want to know how many woman have regretted ther tubals and if any have goteen pregnant afterwards and if they had normal pregnancies.
private_grp	privateGrp	 Private 	 Pregnancy 	1	privategroup
pregnancy___childrearing_after_40	Pregnancy & Childrearing after 40	Public	 Pregnancy 	17	For women who conceive after 40 years of age and their pregnancy journey and to discuss subsequent childrearing issues/concerns for older parents.
pregnantorttc	Pregnant or TTC ??	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	This group is for women who are pregnant or trying to become pregnant.
pregnancy_after_laprogopic_myomectomy	Pregnancy after laprogopic myomectomy	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	This form is for women whom have had children after fibroid removal. Are you still having trouble conceivng? Do you still have painful periods? What kinds of pains do you have? What did you do to get pregnant? What are you doing to concieve quickly? How long before you started trying again? And anything else you can think of concerning this issue?
positive_thinking	Positive Thinking	Public	 Healthy Living 	1	This group is to help people needing support towards betterment of life , a channel to motivate members.Thinking, emotions, and behaviors intertwine very closely and each can change the others. This forum would focus on the importance of our thoughts, how they help or trouble us, and what to do about our counterproductive thought habits. Place for everyone to share stress and seek help.
pulmonary_fibrosis_	Pulmonary Fibrosis 	Public	 Respiratory Disorders 	5	A Lung Diease called Usual Interstitial Pneumonitis, better known a UIP. Its not rare but somewhat unusal. The cause, treatment. nor cure, at this time is not known.Usual ( meaning chronic) Interstital (meaning in the tissues of the lung) Pneumonitis, So chronic Pneunmon thats settles in the tissues of the lungs, then hardens, and turns into scar tissue, then arthritis sets in. As it progress it makes a honey comb effect inside the tissues and will finally cause the lungs to stop functioning
root_canal_gone_bad	Root canal gone bad	Public	 Pain 	5	Want to educate people so you don't end up like me or worse.  I had a badly botched root canal where a dentist used a root canal material that contains formaldehyde often called Sargenti Paste.  For decades, our dental industry has known about this, has strongly denounced it and still in nearly 40 years time has not made the public aware.  By the time I found out, it was too late.  I suffer from horrific burning/stinging in my lower left lip and chin.  A friend who I met on the internet suffers the worse problem with a chronic bone infection that has eaten away her upper right jawbone.  She had it rebuilt from leg parts but it continues to erode.  There is no cure for her infection, she has to try to stay one step ahead of it.  We started a website for both the public and dental industry.  Most dentists we have spoken with didn't think it was used any more.  Sadly, it is.
purnendu_bhusan_bhattacharya	Purnendu bhusan Bhattacharya	 Private 	 Senior Health 	1	Ostio arthisis, SpinalCord , General Health ect.
rare_diseases__breaking_down_the_barriers	Rare diseases- breaking down the barriers	Public	 MedHelp General 	21	Poviding opportunity to discuss and create awareness of the issues faced by rare condition sufferers and their families. Rare diseases can often leave patients and their loved ones feeling isolated, yet the issues we face are common. By speaking with one voice, we can together evoke change. Your story is unique, and we invite you to join our group and share your experiences.
psoriasis	Psoriasis & Psoriatic Arthritis	Public	 Orthopedics 	53	Hai there,I am creating this group to share feelings and information related to Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthirits in general.Please feel free to share your thoughts and feelings and how do you cope with the arthritis pain associated with psoriatic arthritis
Ranaesheart	Ranaesheart Weight Loss Success Tips	Public	 Healthy Living 	26	We are in this together to support each other, lose weight, learn,explore and experience the journey of a lifetime! Lets make this POSITIVE,MOTIVATIONAL and ENLIGHTENING!!! The joy is in the journey and the knowledge and friendships that are gained along the way. Come join us and lets make history!
paranormal_activity	real paranormal activity	Public	 MedHelp General 	98	some people have had real paranormal activity in their own houses,jobs, or neighborhood. some people dont believe in the "after life" i do and i think i have expirenced it a few times. this is a place where you can share any kind of expirence you have had with the after life, paranormal, or ghost. weather it be friends, family, or someone just trying to tell you something from the other side.
psychopharmacology	Psychopharmacology	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	93	The function of this group is to discuss, in an objective, fact-based fashion, the therapeutic benefits, adverse effects, interactions and risks of psychopharmacological agents.
realwellnesshope	realwellnesshope	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	1	This group is for discussing Real Wellness Solutions for health care concerns. Our focus is primarily on all NATURAL solutions  for many health challenges facing us today. We are looking for all natural alternatives that will help us reclaim our health and independence from phamaceutical drugs. Please feel free to share your products and or testimonials. There is HOPE!!!
recurrent_cyclic_fever__undiagnosed_	RECURRENT CYCLIC FEVER (UNDIAGNOSED)	Public	 Children's Health 	6	THERE MUST BE LOTS OF WORRIED PARENTS OUT THERE WITH CHILDREN WHO HAVE RECURRENT FEVERS AND CONSTANTLY FIGHTING TO FIND OUT WHATS WRONG?LETS COLLATE INFORMATION TOGETHER AND TRY TO GET OUR CHILDREN WELL AGAIN!
rehabilitation_center	Rehabilitation Center	Public	 General Health 	2	specialize in orthopedic, neurological and medical carefor adults who are in need of these services
proud_to_be_a_mommy_mom_2_be	Proud To Be A Mommy/Mom 2 Be	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	This Is A Group For ALL The Mommies!
rhinoplasty_india	Rhinoplasty India	Public	 Neurology 	1	Rhinoplasty India – Heal Wheel India – provides rhinoplasty is a surgery done on the nose to reshape it, to improve appearance, to improve breathing, to correct an injury or birth deformity.
ready_to_quit	ready to quit	Public	 Sexual Health 	1	if your ready to start a new life without the same problem everyday. its time to help each other
reincarnation_is_real	Reincarnation is real	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	2	This group is beleavers of reincarnation
relationships___emotions	Relationships / Emotions	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	6	I made this group because i was thinking about how im always getting dumped and : \ girls telln me they think im cute but i dont I have never dumped a girl in my life im still in love with rachel i think u all know that
random_questions	Random questions	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	If you have a question and dont know which section your question goes into, you can easily post it here!
radiology_technician	Radiology Technician	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	If anyone wants to make a career as a radiology technician and don't have any idea regarding this field  then you can get some help from the following site :(Please copy the URL and paste it to your browser)http://onlineradiologytechnicianschools.com/what-kind-of-careers-can-a-radiology-tech-get-into/For further information then you can contact me (janejsmith.smith450@gmail.com ) .If anyone is having any information regarding Radiology Technician please suggest.
relationships	Relationships	Public	 Heart 	1	What matters at heart....
problems_with_children_and_young_people_services_in_the_uk	Problems with Children and Young People Services in the UK	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	I wonder if this is the place where people will be will to talk about their involvement with Children and Young People Services,I live in a small town called Felixstowe, Suffolk,Uk.On the 30th Nov 2011 i awoke to find my 8 week old son dead in his cot,The same day CYPS. came into my house and took away my other two girls saying "You don't want them to die as well do you ?"Do you have a story to tell ?
process_addictions	Process Addictions	Public	 General Health 	1	Process Addictions     Morningside Recovery is a fully licensed, nationally renowned facility for dual-diagnosis, drug & alcohol addiction and mental illness treatment.
prostatitis_or_u_t_i_support___help_group	Prostatitis OR U.T.I support & help group	Public	 Urology 	2	share your views,facts,opinions,stories or expertise to others experiencing or past experiences on Prostatitis, I will share mine when i have the time and energy thank you and spread the group:)
responsable_dr_and_patients_alike	Responsable dr and patients alike	Public	 Pain 	1	does anyone else see the problems relating to patients who have nothing nice to say about there doctors???? I am a responsible patient who follows what my dr says to the letter i have a few very serious illness's and have no other choice but to take opiate pain relievers. My problem is with ppl that don't understand that MY NAME is not the only name on my prescription bottle and that the dr's name that follows mine could very well lose everything he/she has worked years to accomplish because of someone being irresponable enough to let there med's fall into the wrong hands. MY ? is this are there any laws out there to protect dr's against drug seeking patients and could good dr's lose their license because of these people?
pulsitile_tinnitus	Pulsitile tinnitus	Public	 Ear, Nose, Throat 	1	When you hear your heart beat in your ear, it can be very annoying or worse.  If anyone has any suggestions for coping with this noise and sleeping without sleep medication, I would love to discuss it.
quiting_methadone_cold_turkey	Quiting Methadone Cold Turkey	Public	 Addiction 	1	Its my 1st day without methadone and im gonna need some friendly understanding supporters to come with me on my journey.. And if you want you can quit with me! Xoxo-Katt (age 31)
sahms_	SAHMS!	Public	 Children's Health 	15	A place for mums to socialise, vent, get advice and share their collaborative wisdom!
self_harm_help	self harm help	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	41	for anyone who needs help with overcoming self harm and who may or may not have suicidal thoughts.
snead_is_leona_and_michelle_s_biggest_fan_	Snead is Leona and Michelle's Biggest Fan!	 Private 	 Addiction 	1	Really! These woman are rock stars and they rule my world. I mean it! They are brilliant -- I don't go a day without wanting them in my face -- telling me what to do, where to go! You too? Join Us!
sick_and_tired_of_being_sick_and_tired_	Sick and tired of being sick and tired.	Public	 Digestive 	83	I guess I am looking for a place to go when things get too bad.  I don't know if this is that place, but.... I have Rheumatoid Arthritis, 15% of a liver (need a transplant, and because of the Methadone, I have little if any chance of getting on a list.), Hepatitis C, and am on 100mgs. of Methadone.  I was an addict for 40 years.  But have not used any illicit drug for 35 of those 40 years. I also suffer from severe depression that so far has not been successfully treated with medication. I guess now a lot of you have already judged me, and think that I got what I deserved.  I guess that is why I am writing this.  To see if I can receive some help or, as when I go to a doctor, just be judged for my past. I hope that is not the case because I am told that I do not have a lot of time left on this earth. I am a good man who has always taken good care of his parents and wife and kids.  But, I know that means little to anyone because it seems doctors only see the addiction that I had a long time ago.  Yes, I know I am still addicted to Methadone, but when no doctor will give me anything for for the pain that is caused by the RA, I take my relief where I can get it. If anyone out there is suffering, no matter why, maybe we can talk. To the rest of you that are judges, kiss my a<!
std_forums_c_ls	STD forums CLs	 Private 	 HIV/STDs 	3	CLs for the STD forums
step_forum	Step forum	Public	 MedHelp General 	23	For those who are recovering in a 12 step program such as Alcoholics Anonymous, Al-Anon Family Groups, Narcotics Anonymous or Adult Children of Alcoholics. Nar-anon, or other 12 step programs, focus on finding a solution through spiritual principals
soma_addiction	Soma Addiction	Public	 Addiction 	5	Is anyone else addicted to soma or has been in the past? Need guidance and support without rehab. Thanks!
story_telling__real_or_imaginary__	Story telling ,Real or Imaginary '	Public	 MedHelp General 	77	Tell us some stories about anything , perhaps you are a budding Author, sad , funny, crazy, any subject ., biographic, lets have Fun, poetry always good, dont mind a bit of politics thrown in LOL...
social_security_and_you_after_a_disability_	Social security and you after a disability.	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	49	I was disabled after a work related injury. I have been on SS for many years. In July I was reevaluated and claim denied. The doctors were not truthful with their reports. I am in the appeal mode now. I am suffereing a major anxiety issue and it has exasserbated fibromyalgia. I always just wanted my job as a nurse back but was told i could not do anything..... I am frustrated and in pain trying to get my head around all this..... I am going to therapy and on a new antidepressant which isn't helping too much and now i am in the wait game.
spirituality	Spirituality	Public	 Healthy Living 	242	An open-ended place to discuss spiritual matters. No question considered unimportant, nor any sharing of experiences.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spirituality
spiritual_healing	spiritual healing	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	Through the medium of sound our minds, bodies and souls can be in tune their natural synchronous state allowing us to heal and connect with our true selves.
sperm_donors	sperm donors	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	hi all, this forum is for couples, single people who trying to concieve, using donor sperm,please feel free to join in,  and give your experiences,thoughts
social_anxiety_whoas	Social Anxiety Whoas	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	19	This group is for loving people looking to take baby steps toward budding friendships with people of similar interest and concerns.
spider_insect_bites	SPIDER/INSECT BITES	Public	 Pain 	5	This group is for people who have a bite and need help identifying it and its treatments.
statin_induced_adverse_side_effects	statin-induced adverse side effects	Public	 Heart 	1	Well-documented cases of peripheral neuropathy, heart trouble, lung disease such as interstitial diseases, skin problems, memory disturbances or anything else that you don't think could possibly have been caused by anything other than your statin.
stay___home_mom	Stay @ Home Mom	Public	 MedHelp General 	3	This is a group for the stay @ home mom. Ask questions and get answers from other stay @ home moms from newborns to anything you would like to get advice on. Its a group for us all to help one another.
stretching_exercises_1232	Stretching Exercises 	Public	 Diabetes 	1	The reverse lunge with the overhead stability ball shoulder stretch is a dynamic warm-up exercise that is suitable for any fitness level.====================prasStretching Exercises
spinal_stenosis_sufferers	Spinal Stenosis Sufferers	Public	 Pain 	23	A group for people of all ages who suffer from the chronic pain & many other annoying symptoms that come with a diagnosis of Spinal Stenosis. A place to get ideas on ways to deal, a place to vent, but mostly a place to connect with people who suffer as you do.
strong_mommies	Strong Mommies	Public	 General Health 	1	This is a group for moms to come and talk about the struggles of everyday life. Feel free to talk about whatever you need to help clear and relieve stress.
soul_of_the_family	Soul of the Family	 Private 	 Healthy Living 	1	Family members and friends who are trying to lose weight and support each others' success!
spinal__surgery_post_op_worse_pain_ooouucchh____	SPINAL  SURGERY POST OP WORSE PAIN OOOUUCCHH!!!!	Public	 Orthopedics 	2	IN LAST 3 YEARS I HAVE HAD RIGHT HIP REPLACEMENT,3D FUSION L4-L5 FUSION SPINAL SURGERY.MY DOCTORS AND BELIEVE OSTEO-NECROS IS SPREADING THRU MY BODY.NO ACCIDENTS ,FALLS,ETC ETC,OSTEO-NECROIS IS THE TISSUE THAT SUPPLIES BLOOD TO UR BONES.FIRST I HAD GROIN PAIN BACK IN 2007,WENT TO URGENT CARE AFTER A WEEK A BEYOND TOLERABLE PAIN,(COULD BARELY WALK) XRAY SHOWED 1 INCH FRACTURE IN MY PELVIS? DR.ASKED WHAT HAPPENED ,I SAID NOTHING JUST WORKING MY BUTT OFF LIFE MILLIONS OF OTHERS AND ALL OF A SUDEN GROIN PAIN.THEN AFTER TWO WEEKS THOUGTH IT WAS GETTING BETTER TAKING 800MG MOTRIN,GOT WORSE.WENT TO MY FAMILY DR HE ORDERED UP MRI OF PELVIS AND RIGHT  HIP AND SURE ENOUGH,MRI REPORT AND CD IMAGES REVEALED THE WORST!!! I HAD OSTEO-NECROSIS EXPLAINED MY SOON TOBE SURGEON/ORTHOPEDIC DR! HE SAID THE BALL OF HIP WHERE IT POPS INTO MY HIP CUP,THE BALL WAS ALMOST COMPLETELY ROTTEN,SHOWED  BLACKON XRAy(SHOULD BE WHITE.)DR SAID SURGERY ASAP.TOOK MLOA FROM WORK,TOOK 4 MOS B4 I RETURNED 2 WORK.8 MOS LATER ACTUALLLY DURING ALL THIS HPPAI N PELVIS CRAP I FAILED TO MENTION MT SCIATICA NERVE WAS SHOCKING MY LEFT LEG,LEG GONG NUMB,PAIN EXCRUCIATING INTO MY LEFT BUTT CHEEK DOWN MY LEFT LEG NOT TO MENTION THE SCALE 1-10 A 9 DAY 2 DAY IN MY LOWER BACK FOR YEARS.THATS WHAT LED TO SPINALSURGERY.NOW,XRAYS SHOWING BROKEN TITANIUIM SCREW IN ONE OF MY VERTOBRAE,PAIN IS 3 X`S WORSE THEN BEFORE SPINE SURGERY,SPINE SURGEON,SAYS,UH,UH,DUH.IT SHOULD?????????BE OK??? <<< NOTICE ALLLTHE QUESTION MARKS? A BROKEN SCREWINMY SPINE ME NOT DR BUT COME ON MAN,BROKEN SCREW DECIDES ONE DAY WHEN I BEND OVER OR TWIST TO TURN AND CRUNCH!!!! OUCH,I HIT GROUND,CANOT FEEL ANTYTHING,FROM SHOULDERS DOWN? WASTE DOWN PARALYZED??? NEVER KNOW,SO NOW WHEN BONE IN SPINE IS 100% FUSED AS PER DR,INEED ANOTHER SURGERY.ANDNOWJUST FOUND OUT MY LEFT HIPIS BAD.JUST GOT LAYED OFF,APPLIED TOOVER 1000`S OF JOBS FROM MY PRFFESION TO MCDNALDS CASHIER.NOOOOO REPLIES.IHVE  KIDS NEEDS TO CARE FOR THANK GOD I GOT MY FIANCEE AND OTHER FAMILY HELPING HERE N THERE W/KIDS YAKNOW.IAMIN SOOOOOO MUCH PAIN.PAINMNGMNT DR HAS ME ON 30MG METHADONE/DAY,4 10MG/35 PERCOCET,900MG NEURONTIN A DAY.STILL FEEL LIKE WANT TO STEAL A YOUNG MID 20`S HEALTHY MALES BODY LOL HA HA HA!!! IM 41 I WANT TO PLAY SPORTS WITH MY BOYS 5YRS OLD AND 14 YR OLD.LONG STORY,IF ANYONE READS MY WHOLE STORY,THANK YOU FOR LISTENING.GOD BLESS.WISH YOU ALL LUCK....
social_group_for_teens	social group for teens	 Private 	 General Health 	2	Well the name basicaly explains it for in this group, teens can talk about anything and everything.oh only teen alowed though sorry
stopiles	stopiles	Public	 General Health 	2	Stopiles.com is the quick pain relief piles treatment  now in india Hyderabad, without pain no  anesthesia within 10 days your pain relief treatment other treatments like Fissure Treatment, treatment for hemorrhoids, hemorrhoid surgery, treatment of hemorrhoids, laser hemorrhoid surgery, Fistula Treatment,  hemorrhoid removal, natural hemorrhoid treatment, Causes, Symptoms.
stabbing_nerve_pain	Stabbing nerve pain	Public	 Neurology 	5	I'm new, and have never done the "forum" thing before.  I hope I'm doing this right.I'm 36 yr old female.About 4 yrs ago I woke up to discover that my legs were weak.  It felt like I had bricks tied to my feet.  just over night I went from being active to not being able to get up from a squat, or climb stairs.  Then after a while it turned into muscle spasms, sometimes severe spasms, almost like an alien might climb out of my legs.Also spasms in my eye lids.Now for the last couple years I've been dealing with extreme, and stabbing nerve pain in my feet.  I'm talking about ever 30 seconds, and with no ryme or reason to it.  Finally about a year ago (maybe less) my Dr. gave me a medication (gabapentin).  It's to numb the nerves.  At first I loved it, It really helped.  I think it took about 80% of the pain away, but now I've worked up to the highest dose of this med, and the pain has come back, and is spreading.  I'm starting to see signs of it effecting my hands (the pain, not the meds).  I don't know how to best discribe my symptoms, but I'll try:Stabbing pain, like Nails being hammered into my feet."popping popcorn" in feet and legs.Creepy crawliesIf I scan my body, the only thing I can find that doesn't hurt are my lips.  I am in constant pain!  today I actually fell to my knees in public because of the stabbing pain.Ok, now here is the dillema.  I don't have insurance, so they did just a couple tests and then stopped.  I'm also looking for work, and have no income.  So going to the Dr. is completely out of the question right now.  I don't know what to do.  I can't take this pain!  I'm a tough cookie, but enough is enough!  I just can't stand the pain!  It's constant!  and getting worse every day!Does anyone know what's wrong with me?  I've tried all the stuff like calcium, and vitamin D, and many other things.  Nothing helps!I have diabetes, but they ruled out neuropothy.  I have bad back problems (scoliosis, and bone on bone in about 4 spots).  They thought that might be a cause, but if my back explains my feet and legs, why am I starting to feel it in my hands, and what's up with the constant spasms in my eye lids?Please, can someone help me?  Even just suggestions of what it might be, and then I can research it to see if I can find something that fits my symptoms.  Please Please Please help me!!!  I don't fee like I can go on much longer in so much pain.  Please help!Thank you
stay_at_home_mothers	Stay at home mothers	Public	 Children's Health 	1	Life as a stay at home mom in the 21st century
stress__depressed_cant_sleep__	Stress, depressed cant sleep!!	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	3	A group for people who are depressed, stressed and cant sleep this is a group that will make you feel welcome and you will meet people with the same issues.
sparta	Sparta 	Public	 Adolescent Health 	1	Im only 15 and there is this 5 yr old girl that keeps trying to have sex with me what do I do
street_therapy	Street Therapy	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	Street Therapy -is a outreach therapy for people who was in the street life,gangs,gender help,abuse,drugs,any that has to you from the mainstreim of your life that you now find yourslef in the street.I will help you with transtion back to the real world.
social_anxiety__natural_supplements__ways_of_getting_out_	social anxiety. natural supplements. ways of getting out.	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	ive got social anxiety. wondering if anbody know any good natural supplements to relax your anxiety? different places to go to get out of home. places that you go yourself any ideas?
swine__h1_n1__flu_vaccine_debate_forum	Swine (H1N1) Flu Vaccine Debate Forum	Public	 Infectious Diseases 	25	This Debate Group encourages lively/healthy discussion about the Pro's & Con's relating to the Swine (H1N1) Flu Vaccine.   The FDA approved the Swine Flu Vaccine ... Will you be getting it? ----  Is it safe?    NO PERSONAL ATTACKS ---- please, keep it a healthy debate!
suboxonettes	suboxonettes	Public	 Addiction 	40	Me, being the person who has been on sub. the longest am trying to find out how many people that have been successful!!  I'm sure the number is low..  So let me konw your experiences..  bolpak
teamsugarbust	Team Sugarbust	 Private 	 Healthy Living 	1	Team SugarbustAn online team and support group of physicians, nurses, and personal trainers based out of Western Pennsylvania.  Our overall goal is to help diabetics manage their diabetes in the best way possible.  However, if you don't have diabetes, don't feel left out!  We also provide some great resources for those of you who are looking to lose weight and get active.  This website is not intended to be a substitute for taking a visit to your own physician, but more like a support team to help you accomplish the health goals that you set (with the approval of your physician, of course).  Welcome to the team...we look forward to helping you meet your health goals!
suicidal_feelings	Suicidal feelings	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	144	When something happens in your life and it is too much to handle mentally and physically and you just don't want to feel it anymore.
suffer_of__the_suffering	Suffer of  the suffering	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	3	This not a group for those with chronic pain but those who live with those people. This is for us to get out our anger, our frastation, and to help other understand. My mother has RA and its changed our life and at times it frastrating. Shes hurting and i cant do nothing about and at times i just dont understand so thats who this group is for.
supraventricular_tachycardia	Supraventricular tachycardia	Public	 Heart 	53	Symptoms of Supreventricular Tachycardia also know as SVT can come on suddenly and can go away without treatment. Episodes of SVT are caused for a reason other than stress, exercise or emotion. They can last a few minutes or as long as 1 or 2 days, sometimes continuing until treated. The rapid beating of the heart during SVT can make the heart a less effective pump so that the cardiac output is decreased and the blood pressure drops. The following symptoms are typical with a rapid pulse of 150–251 beats per minute:Pounding chestShortness of breathChest painRapid breathingDizzinessLoss of consciousness (in serious cases)Numbness of various body partsIf you have SVT this group is for you.
support_for_moms_dealing_with_addicted_children_young_adults	Support for moms dealing with addicted children/young adults	Public	 Addiction 	8	Support group for  helping moms cope in times of distress with children/young adults who are addicts. Asking questions and giving advice on what has helped in their situation.
tea_time_cafe	Tea Time Cafe	Public	 MedHelp General 	18	Grab a drink and come to a place were you can chat about whatever. You want to tell a story go ahead. You wish to vent be my guest.Want to talk current events well come right in :D . If you dont drink tea im sure we can find you some java.
tachycardia	tachycardia	Public	 Diabetes 	3	for all people intrested, you can post what ever you feel or want to say.
support_for_family_members_and_friends_of_addicts	Support for Family Members and Friends of Addicts	Public	 Addiction 	30	This forum is for people who are trying to help family members or friends with their addiction problems. It is a way to share experiences and to exchange information related to your experiences with helping an addict in their recovery efforts. It is also a place for people with addiction (alcohol, drugs etc.) issues to ask for advice and help.
teen_anxiety	Teen Anxiety	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	30	Teens have anxiety too, so if your teen is suffering from anxiety make them write down a question and see if your fellow community can answer it or if you have any questions on how to help your teen ask now not later.
teen_help	teen help	Public	 Diabetes 	5	This group is for teens that need or want help for anything even school.
annawilliams	Support Anna Williams Heart Surgery	Public	 Heart 	2	My daughter, Anna has spent the last 11 years of her life struggling with every medical condition under the sun from cancer to septic blood infections. For the past year and a half her atrial fibrillation has caused her to be confined to the home nearly every day. She cannot drive, work a normal job, or go out and do anything that a healthy 28 year old woman should be able to do. Her insurance has decided not to cover the Radio Frequency Ablation procedure that she desperately needs to stop the persistent tachycardia and abnormal rhythms. They have deemed it unnecessary as there are drug therapies such as beta blockers and cardiac glycosides that may also control the problem. She has tried all of these drug therapies and they have either done nothing or made her sicker; even causing secondary problems for which she will also eventually need surgery to correct as well. Please help me in raising the funds to help her get back on her feet. With this simple day patient procedure it could give her a new life. With the current condition she has there is a huge risk or heart failure, stroke, and embolism. We would greatly appreciate your help in getting these weighty issues off our minds so that we may move on with our lives. Thank you for your kindness and understanding in advance.http://anna-heartsurgery.yolasite.comThank you and God bless you,Paul and family
taking_my_life_back	Taking my life back	Public	 MedHelp General 	14	When things seem to go wrong and you feel you can never let go. Always remembering the pain as if it were yesterday, crying days upon days and harming yourself whenever a thought flashes across your mind. It seems that no matter how much we do, how much we say death seems like the only and perfect solution. I am here to say NO! You do matter you are important and this group serves to offer empowerment and strength that you already have. It's take to time your life back from abusers, rapists, alcohol, drugs, diseases and all who have helped to destroy it. No more abuse!
symptomology	Symptomology	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	In this group,we can be aware of giving needed details during a clinical session on a Doctor-Patient interaction.The questions interrogated by the Doctors and the way of approach to diagnoses.Most of us often get nervous about our health condition and are not so sure of what is important to manage a health condition.In this group,we can share experiences of clinical sessions and expect a rightful management for general and critical health problems.
suffering_from_hyperhidrosis	Suffering from Hyperhidrosis	Public	 Neurology 	2	For those who suffer from excessive sweating. Questions, Answers, Support and options for treatment.
suicidal_thoughts_	suicidal thoughts 	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	anyone that have suicidal thoughts and need to talk to someone like me because i have suicidal thoughts and thought i could start a group to help others and help myself
suboxone_free_club	Suboxone Free Club	Public	 Addiction 	5	A place to help get free of suboxone
subutex	Subutex/Buprenorphine - For those Allergic/Sensitive to Naloxone	Public	 Addiction 	1	This groups' purpose is to provide as many resources as necessary for addicts that cannot take Suboxone. The aim is to also aid one another in locating Physicians/Treatment Centers - known to prescribe Subutex/Buprenorphine - as an alternative to Suboxone, for those in need. By conveying useful links: forums, blogs, personal journals, professional sites and whatever else, we can more successfully locate treatment for anyone who is interested in Subutex (Buprenorphine without Naloxone).
tc_with_thyroid_disease	tc with thyroid disease	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	i have been tryna get pregnant for 2 years with thyroid disease. i have had several chemical pregnancies with no real luck yet
support_for_adoptees	Support for adoptees	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	After looking for a board for adult adoptee's who are struggling with the "not knowing", I decided to start this board.  I know there have to be other people out there having the same issues I am.  This is meant to be about all things for adoptees.  All issues, all thoughts, pertaining to being an adopteee.
techniques_to_cope_with_chronic_pain	Techniques to Cope With Chronic Pain	Public	 Pain 	1	I am on my fifth day of withdrawal (c/t) from tramadol. I am determined to never take an addictive drug again for my pain. The tolerance just builds up too fast because my pain is chronic. So I am seeking, as I know others here are, to find natural alternatives to deal with the pain. Today I am going walking with a friend. I am also going to try deep breathing techniques. I'll let you know how this goes. By the way I have herrington rods in my spine from thoracic area down, so yoga isn't practical. Please everyone feel free to contribute and share ways you are coping with your pain minus addictive drugs.
success	Success	Public	 Healthy Living 	3	This is a group established to help people utilize their creative talents. I believe many of the ills in society today as with anxiety, stress, personality disorders and other fears stem from not utilizing the creative side of their minds. Imagination is a key to healthy living. Here we can discuss ideas, product development, the Patenting process and other ways to add financial stability to every day living.
surviving_a_lawsuit	Surviving a Lawsuit	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	Lawsuits are stressfull, long and expensive. The thought of losing your life savings defending yourself is enough to put you over the edge. How do you deal with that kind of stress over a long period.
surgical_repair_of_lymphatic_system	Surgical repair of lymphatic system	Public	 Women's Health 	1	Open discussion regarding repair to lymphatic system - post major surgeries.
the_pasture_2_0	The Pasture 2.0	Public	 Children's Health 	38	Here is The Pasture 2.0, for the old cows here on Medhelp both from the original pasture and the ones who never made it over.
teen_social_group	Teen Social Group	 Private 	 MedHelp General 	75	This is a group for Teenagers to get together and chat about games, music, sports, college, and any other thing happening in their daily lives. :)
the_300	the 300	Public	 Healthy Living 	1	A group for those individuals who weigh more than 300 pounds who are trying to stay healthy through lifestyle changes which include nutrition and exercise. This is a group of empowerment, enrichment, and enlightenment.
the_dependants	The dependants	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	This is a group for spouses of miltary men and women!!! The so called dependants are recognized as just that through miltary personal. I think we stand for more. We (Dependants) are here to wipe tears and take care of the family when our loved ones are gone due to deployment or training! I'm hoping to meet other women and men just like me who love being a military wifey at least for me but you may be a military hubby!!!! So welcome and please please share your thoughts and feelings since we are all family.....Ooh Rah!!!! Hoo Rah!!!
teen_mothers_	Teen mothers 	Public	 MedHelp General 	6	This is a group for all the teen mothers who are going through the struggle of teen parenting.
the_patriot_	the patriot 	 Private 	 MedHelp General 	2	This is a private group to discuss current events in a manner that is peaceable and in a manner that has dignity and pride in our country and the freedoms that this country is based upon. Please send a PM to peggy64 to join.
teenage_pregnancy	Teenage Pregnancy	Public	 Pregnancy 	2	Are you a teenager and and expecting a child? If so, please join this group
the_tech_area	The Tech Area	Public	 MedHelp General 	1	Feel free to talk about technology.  Ask questions or post up news.  Anything tech related feel free to post here.
LNO	The Biggest Loser Challenge - LNO	 Private 	 Healthy Living 	3	Hello and welcome!I am glad to see you have made a conscious choice to live a healthier, happier life. My goal is to empower, support, and hold you accountable as we reach our personal weight loss goals. Through this website we will be able to communicate and provide tips, see how everyone is coming along as well as keep track of all activity from eating to excercise and more.At the end of each week, you are required to weigh in, and BE HONEST .. because your only hurting yourself if you dont. If you find that you are struggling , please reach out. That is why we are here!I hope this is helpful and will allow you to see that YOU can do whatever it is that you set your mind too.... Which is Live a Healthy Lifestyle, right!During this process it is important to  follow the steps, stay hydrated and focused. You will recieve a positive affirmstions daily to help you along the way. It is important that YOU believe that YOU can and WILL accomplish this goal . A positive can do attitude will get you there! AND As long as your goals are healthy and realistic , you will come out with flying colors.Are You with me Ladies!!!!
teeth	teeth	Public	 MedHelp General 	4	do you like to have beautiful smile???!!!you may have some problems with your teeth!............we'll help you have white,healthy and strong teeth...!!
the_emotional_up_s_and_down_s_after_you_are_clean_	The Emotional Up's And Down's After You are Clean.	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	2	This is a Group to just talk about Anything. What ever you feel your ups and downs. You see when you stop doing what ever you drug maybe you have all kinds of Feelings you covered up. If you did those drugs to get away from something or you had no Idea that was going on and now you find yourself facing all kinds of Feelings. Well Start and share and I know I will and I sure hope anyone else that Joins this Group will Reach out to help...Or Listen...Thanks Rhea
texas_holdem_sit_and_go_tournaments	Texas Holdem Sit and Go Tournaments	Public	 Diabetes 	1	Texas Hold 'Em played in the Sit and Go (SNG) format is one of the most popular ways of playing the game online.  Regardless of the skill level of a player, these types of games can be enjoyed by everyone.http://www.playingtexasholdem4fun.co.uk/
teen_time__________d____	teen time!!! :-) :-D :-)	Public	 Adolescent Health 	8	this group isint just for teens its for peapol that want to have fun an post ANYTHING :-D, so have FUN :-D!!!
the_dream_to_go_green	The Dream to go Green	Public	 Healthy Living 	4	I would like to communicate with other people who are making positive changes in their lives to promote awareness about the environment and/or how they are becoming more environmental friendly.Please consider joing !
thyroid_support_group	Thyroid support group	Public	 Thyroid 	21	This is for anyone with day to day issues of coping with thyroid problems, how they affect you and what do you do to make your life better so that you can learn from this site and also help other people in a similar boat so to speak....
the_teen_lounge	The Teen Lounge	Public	 MedHelp General 	17	This group is for Teens with problems, questions and worries about their life and everything that goes with it.Join teens and lets begin!!!
teens_stories	Teens Stories	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	For all the teens out there who have had tough childhood stories and would like to share it with others.
the_outcasts	The OUTCASTS	Public	 Pain 	2	this is for the ppl how are left out on everything the emo the depressed and the diffrent if your diffrent in anyway feel free to join and talk about what is happening in your life
there_is_life_after_Bulimia	There is Life After Bulimia	Public	 Digestive 	1	I battled this disease for 30 years. Luckily I haven't had too many problems with my health.I am 60 years old now. I have a hiatal hernia and pain in the upper right quadrant of my belly, under my ribs. Any comments or questions?
thyroid_cancer	thyroid cancer	Public	 Thyroid 	3	Thought I would start a group for us that have been diagnosed with cancer.  Our test, surgeries, and Rai treatment.  A group that you can be yourself with to talk things out, ask questions and get answers from others going through the same thing.  To get support when it gets difficult, to pray and support each other through this new life we have been given.  And last but not least to remember to smile again.Smileyhappy   : )
the_writer_s_circle	The Writer's Circle	Public	 MedHelp General 	7	The writers circle is designed for persons with a passion for writing and is willing to share their work and feedback with others. This group caters to all Medhelp users who feel a need to break away from the heavy and lose themselves into something beautiful. Follow me.
teens_with_diabetes_	teens with diabetes 	Public	 Diabetes 	1	hi my name is biancia andrews and i am looking for teens that have diabetes to start a group  with me . you have to live in Michigan i believe that we can do this we can help each other out with diabetes we do not want to let diabetes take over us
thedoctors	The Doctors	Public	 General Health 	3	A group for people who like to diagnose problems, help others, or have wished to become doctors, are doctors, or are in the process of becoming doctors
thigh_pain	Thigh Pain - What is it?	Public	 Pain 	1	There are a lot of posts in a lot of forums about people, like me, who suffer from differing degrees of Thigh pain.  Most of us, again me included, have had it for a number of years and have no idea what causes it.  This group is for us to share ideas, tips or just to moan....
the_true_insanity_of_the_mental_health_field	THE TRUE INSANITY OF THE MENTAL HEALTH FIELD	Public	 Diabetes 	1	The nature of the treatment of mental health patients . Please share the true treatment you have seen over the years , and if you see improvement or decline or a miss diagnosis of the treatment establishment.  I have seen the destruction of myself along with others due to inability of Doctors to listen , and there addiction to the pharmaceutical  companies  . I can not understand why until i had enough to just say NO , to every new drug the drug, the  companies are pushing this week on T V . The rubber stamp doctors that no matter what you tell them already have a drug they were going to give you no matter what you said. I have had such terrible treatment in the last 20 years , not saying that prior to that it was any better , but I am just going to start when I first got clean and sober to be fair. I was treated with Depakote & Effexor for 15 years , and spent a large part of those years in the hospital for suicidal depression , and extreme mania insanity , always to show back up at Dr. Trans office , with the same treatment plan . In 2011 , I had all I could take and demanded to be treated with different meds , as I once was in 1978 , when a doctor  seen me because of the hospitalization of falling while on Lithium and spletting   my head open, Dr.Shore believed I had ADD , and bi polar , and started me on Ritalin for ADD, and Klonipin for mania from bi polar, and for the first time in years , I was free of the cycles and episodes, for over 1 year. In 1979 I started back drinking Alcohol again , and that was that until 1994. I ask for the same treatment plan from Dr.Tran , and after getting 2 other doctors to approve of this plan I went on to have one and a half bi polar free years until for no reason other than her despise , Dr. Tran took me off all bi polar meds and said I no longer had mania problems. In October 1 month from her chance to destroy my life she got her wish come true , I returned in full blown mania , ask to be hospitalized or at least give me meds and was ask to leave, I called again and ask what was i going to do that i was suicidal , and was told i could ask for a different doctor , on December with no one to help me I was put into mental health hospital for the possibility of hurting myself ,  and was put back on my mania meds , and now back to normal once again , can anyone explain why I just spent the last 4 months of my life in hell , and could not get help after 17 years of being seen by this doctor, how for her to try and put her ideas ahead of my safety, I almost lost my life .
travel	Travel	Public	 MedHelp General 	14	This is a group based around travel
trying_for_baby	trying for baby	Public	 Pregnancy 	257	any one trying for a baby plz come here and share your sucsess story's or your sad story's we will be here to support you x o x o
trying_to_conceive	Trying to conceive	Public	 Pregnancy 	1042	Tips, input and support for those trying to conceive. For great information to help in your journey... there are 3 searches I recommend. "The Beautiful Cervix Project", "My Egg and Me" and "Deanna's Plan". Each of them are featured in the first 3 posts in this group! Good Luck & Baby dust to all!!
thyroids_gone	Thyroids Gone	Public	 Thyroid 	34	For those that have had a Total or Partial Thyroidectomy and the recovery that happens after the surgery.  Getting one's life back, sharing in the ups and downs once our thyroid is gone.
thyroid_firbormyalgia	Thyroid/Firbormyalgia	Public	 Thyroid 	64	Discussion of symptoms for thyroid disorders and relationship to fibromyalgia.
ttc_naturally	TTC Naturally	Public	 Women's Health 	204	For all of us out there who are TTC on our own whether by charting, temping, taking herbals ETC.! I'm waiting on my lil pumpkin how bout you?
transfer_factors_and_immunity_support	TRANSFER FACTORS AND IMMUNITY SUPPORT	Public	 General Health 	2	FINALLY A PLACE WHERE EVERYONE CAN DISCUSS THE LATEST ADVANCES IN BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH TRANSFER FACTOR MOLECULES. HERE YOU CAN COMMENT, DICUSS, ASK QUESTIONS, SHARE STORIES ETC. LETS REALLY FIND OUT WHAT ALL THE NOISE IS ABOUT THATS BEING HEARD ALL OVER THE WORLD!
ttc_testimonies	TTC Testimonies	Public	 Pregnancy 	45	Okay many of us pray and patiently wait for our Lord to bless us with our little babies.  No matter what the situation is, what the complication is, or the things that we have to have done to be able to conceive.  So I have created (since there is a praying group, which I am part of) a group for women that have been in our shoes waiting for their babies...and went through some storms, trials, and tribulations to get their babies....Trust me your stories and testimonies will help us keep our joy and our sanity!....  The Lord gives us obstacles so that we can help the next person ....so Ladies that are now mothers........WHAT IS YOUR TESTIMONY!
thyroid____damm_i_wish_it_was_back	Thyroid....damm I wish it was back	Public	 Cancer 	7	This is a place to let out your emotions, your problems, your situations, your lonliness and above all your understanding of no thyroid.If we cant help, at least you are venting your frustrations.
trying_to_conceive_after_miscarriage	Trying to Conceive after Miscarriage	Public	 Pregnancy 	161	How long have you been TTC after miscarriage, and when did your 1st period arrive?
to_god__be_the_glory	TO GOD  BE THE GLORY	Public	 MedHelp General 	61	matthew 18;20For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.  come and praise the lord  and tell about the blessing in your life.come here if you need prayer,   come be blessed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ttc_young	TTC Young	Public	 Pregnancy 	59	For all the girlies who are young but are TTC! You´re not alone!
ttc_using_vitex_	TTC using Vitex 	Public	 Women's Health 	25	Using Vitex and TTC with PCOS
transgender_support	Transgender support	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	7	This is a group for transgendered people to have each other as a support group helping cope with there transitions. all are welcome but please be respectful and supportive
trying_to_get_pregnant_after_having_marena_removed	Trying to get pregnant after having Marena removed	Public	 Pregnancy 	6	I have had the Marena in for 2 1/2 years and having it removed 10/19/10. We will be trying to get pregnant ASAP but want to try for a girl since we have 3 boys. Please give me any info u can to help us out. Thanks
too_much_to_handle_	too much to handle 	 Private 	 Mental/Emotional Health 	1	when your told you have depression, your put on meds, but you just don't know what to think or feel about it. you want to pain and suffering of your life to end, but don't want to hurt the one's you love. here you can talk and let the weight of the world loose or give tips of dealing with depression and be heard for what u truely are a person who's confused and lost and wondering whats going to happen next note: you don't have to share if you don't feel comfertable you can just listen or use these tips and see your not alone and thats all you need some times
ttc_after_m_c_community_	TTC After M/C Community 	Public	 Pregnancy 	10	Hey there! And welcome to, TTC After M/C Community!I myself have experienced the grief due to loss. I know how hard it is, and I know how much it helps to talk about it and to let my feelings out. Here in the TTC After M/C Community your free to do just that. Come here to be uplifted and discuss your journey of trying to conceive after the devastation of miscarriage. Be encouraged, inspired, and reassured. -ksh09
trying_for_the_fourth_baby_	Trying for the fourth baby 	Public	 Diabetes 	2	it's about all moms trying for a fourth baby !
thyroid_hormone_disorders	Thyroid/Hormone Disorders	Public	 Thyroid 	12	Hypothyroidism/Hormone Imbalance, muscle pain/headaches,weakness,etc....
ttc_and_obese	TTC AND OBESE	Public	 Pregnancy 	9	FOR THOSE OF US WHO ARE BBW AND TTC
ttc_over_45_new_hope_fertility	TTC Over 45 NewHopeFertility	Public	 Pregnancy 	7	A site where us AMA Mamma Wanna B's Can Go to find other AMA Wanna B's that might be using New Hope Fertility Or Considering it. A place where we can discuss our options as AMA's!
thyroid_test_nornal__still_have_alot_of_symptoms	thyroid test nornal, still have alot of symptoms	Public	 Thyroid 	9	had thyroid test, panel came normal from what doc say.i still have so many symptoms, like low body temp, no libido, anxiety and depression, ears don't stop ringing, losing or gone outter edge eyebrows, loss of short term memory, no energy, brain fog, just don't feel right,  and list goes on.
trying_to_conceive_over_35	Trying to conceive over 35	Public	 Pregnancy 	3	Hi,I noticed that there is no group for women 35-39yrs...so here it is. A group for men/women who want to conceive by whatever means whether naturally or with medical assistance. Hopefully we can come together and share our joys and frustrations and support each other.
ttcaftermirena	TTC after Mirena	Public	 Pregnancy 	6	For women who have had the Mirena removed and are trying to conceive. It's hard finding someone who is going through exactly what you are. This is a place for women to come together so we can compare and contrast. What are you using or going by? BBT, CM, OPKs?
ttc_after_a_miscarriage	TTC After A Miscarriage	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	My Name is Deanna Marie and I am a young 18 year old woman ttc after a miscarriage.Join me if you are also going thru the same situation.Here you can feel free to share stories, give advice, and let your opinions roam freely without any worry of judgement or criticism.Every woman is beautiful in every way, come here for support and help if you need it.TTC After A Miscarriage will be home to all women who have had to go thru the misfortunes of losing a young soul.
ultrametabolism_diet	Ultrametabolism Diet	Public	 Healthy Living 	9	A group for anyone who wants to try or has tried the Ultrametabolism Diet. You don't have to starve yourself to lose weight. It's not about eating less, it's about eating smarter.
ubi_immunotherapy	UBI Immunotherapy	Public	 Asthma & Allergy 	1	Group to discuss autologous immunotherapy using extracorporeal ultraviolet blood irradiation
ptype_2_respiratory_faliure	Type 2 respiratory faliure	Public	 Senior Health 	2	My father 66 , a COPD on resiratory failure also is a patient of moderate to severe irritable bowel (IBS) want to learn from other peoples experiences and share my own.
unknown_illnesses	Unknown Illnesses	Public	 Infectious Diseases 	35	A place where people can share their symptoms and struggles with the unknown.
tv_tv_tv_	TV TV TV!	Public	 Women's Health 	9	do you love reality TV?...biggest loser? ..survior??..bad girls club?..dancing with the stars?.. american idol?..real world/road rules challange?...any tv shows??...well im a total reality tv junkie and love every min of it!!..and would love to talk to everyone else who watches these or any shows....lets chat!!!
viral_myocarditis	Viral Myocarditis	Public	 Heart 	3	I am a 48 yr old male who was diagnosed with viral myocarditis 15 months ago.  My EF at one point was 12% but has since been 55% to 65%.  I have always been very active, a non-smoker, non-drinker, no history of high BP or heart disease, which the doctors attributed my thus-far recovery to.  At present time I am on Coreg CR, simvastatin, 81 mg. 81 mg aspirin.  I was following a low-salt diet at the advice of my doctors but have since been instructed to increase my daily salt intake.  I have had a echocardiogram w/bubble test, stress test, several ultrasounds with results indicating that a heart cath is not necessary.  My questions are 1. Has anyone experienced skin sensitivity around the left side area and some aching in the ribs? 2. Shoulder blade popping, muscle cramping on left side of back and joint discomfort? 3. Does anyone know what a normal recovery time is for myocarditis and is the side pain and shoulder popping/muscle cramping any side effects of this illness? I would like to communicate with others that have had myocarditis.
unhealed_broken_coccyx_pain	Unhealed broken coccyx pain	Public	 Pain 	7	I broken my tailbone on slippery wet steps two years ago and it is still broken.  I am looking into surgery with my doctor.  I broke it in half and when I intially broke it the urgent care doctor said he has not seen such a break in over 13 years.  I was shocked yet never thought I be in so much pain for so long at age 26.  I want to chat with people with the same problems and hear stories on what they have done.
tying_the_knot	Tying The Knot	Public	 MedHelp General 	14	A group to discuss everything related to weddings, from invitations and rings to flower arrangements and bridal showers. If you're planning a wedding, or participating in one, please join us and share your stories.
b6_toxicity	Vitamin B6 Toxicity	Public	 Pain 	37	Vitamin B6 is a water-soluble vitamin that can result in nerve damage when too much is taken in the form of supplements. B6 is found naturally in most grains such as flax and wheat. Many vitamin supplements and diet pills also contain more than the daily requirements of vitamin B6.B6 toxicity, also known as B6 overdose, is rare and most doctors are unfamiliar with it. It's becoming more common as manufacturers are adding B6 supplements to many vitamins and fortifying cereals.Symptoms commonly include a feeling of pins and needles, like nails being driven into you, generally in your hands and feet or anywhere else in your body where you've sustained nerve damage in the past. However, instead of pain, symptoms may include numbness. Either is refered to as neuropathy. Anytime you eat foods with certain forms of vitamin B in them (B1, B3, B6), your symptoms worsen for many hours. B6 toxicity is usually reversible by avoiding foods with vitamin B in them for 6 months to 3 years.
unconventional_therapy___art__music__story_telling__sharing	unconventional therapy - art, music, story telling, sharing	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	2	Art, music, sharing thoughts and ideas, perhaps have some effect on body and mind processes. Share your experiences of any kind of unconventional therapy which has helped you or your friends. Share your art, music,literary samples which may help someone.
vitex_and_ttc	Vitex and TTC	Public	 Women's Health 	13	TTC with PCOS and taking Vitex.
tying_to_conceive_after_a_partial_molar_pregnancy	tying to conceive after a partial molar pregnancy	Public	 Pregnancy 	3	i created this blog to get to know other women who have experienced a partial molar pregnancy. I had one miscarriage at 6 weeks and then three months later a partial molar pregnancy with no children yet. I desperately want to have a baby. :(
vicodin	Vicodin	Public	 Pain 	4	Hello My Name Is Jason I Been Useing For About 12 yearsI do normaly take 10-20 every day to few days but some months im doing 15-25+ a day One month i went threw 360 vicodin with out even thinking about it Im 23 atm an i probley do not have much time to liveI have very bad heart problems i dont know if its from the vicodin or if its from my kidenys,when i was younger i had problems an was in an out of the doctors i almost died many times,Vicodin has given me sleeping problems also i stay up for 2-3days on very little sleep an sometimes not even 2 hours every 2 days I my heart hurts who knows if its the vics or not i havent seen a doctor sadly everytime i go for my high blood pressure they ask me if im in pain an i say yes then they hand me 90 vicodin an send me on my wayi try not to take them but i do anyways to relax i wish there was something i could do but my blood pressure seems to feel low when i take vicodin the most i took in 6 hours was 19 pills sadly i almost died but i made it threw i just hope who gets this msg takes my warnning before its too late for you Please Do Not Over Do It >.>Please Post Your Stories
usmle_step_1_	usmle step 1 	Public	 Diabetes 	2	Hello, We are doing online courses for USMLE step-1, 2CK and CS for the last 10 years. All live lectures with animated slides, with MCQ .Latest way of preparation              For further details visit our website "mediclassonline.com" or contact directly on mediclass.online@gmail.com.           For a live free demo please come on skype with my ID: “drkhan58".  Under the supervision of usmle qualified teacher                     Thanks and good luck             Dr. Khan
tww	TWW	Public	 Pregnancy 	28	This is for anyone who is TWW, post any signs symptoms you might be having
vitex_and_royal_jelly_trying_ttc	Vitex and Royal Jelly trying TTC	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	Has anyone tried Vitex and Royal Jelly while TTC?
vegetarians_and_vegans	Vegetarians and Vegans	Public	 Healthy Living 	7	Group for vegetarians and vegans to share favorite recipes, foods, etc.
vibrating_inside___tingly_all_over__dna_upgrade_taking_place_	Vibrating inside ~ TINGLY ALL OVER~ DNA upgrade taking place?	Public	 General Health 	1	I had been waking up~ SHAKING INSIDE~ PULSE just RACING~ HAVING MIGRAINES & was CONSTANTLY SICK~ SORE THROATS~FEVERS~ I  researched Pineal Gland,& Chakras VERY THOROUGHLY~watched~"KYMATICA" ON YouTube~ & started meditating and am NOW LOVING LIFE~ AND QUIT SMOKING~ LIFE IS GRAND! ~Just thought I would share> as I KNOW THERE MUST BE ALOT of others OUT THERE WHOM ARE SENSITIVE & SICK & THINKIN THEY HAVE LYME OR SOMETHING AWFUL AS I DID~ GOOD LUCK! " THE GOVERNMENT & DOCTORS KNOW ARE DNA IS CHANGING~BY THE WAY"!!!!!
tubal_ligation___but_can_i_be	tubal ligation   but can i be	Public	 Pregnancy 	1	for the ones who have had a tubal ligation  and think they maybe pregnent  but dont know  and just wont to talk about it.
unknown___hypothyroid__antidepressants_	Unknown! (Hypothyroid, antidepressants)	Public	 Women's Health 	2	name is Brittney and I am a 22 year old female. (I'm short stature- 5 ft and about 120 lbs). I have a problem that has been going on for years. My symptoms include: extreme brain fog and fatigue, difficulty expressing words, overactive bladder (some days I could last 4 hours at a time and others I can't even last 10 minutes...I don't even drink as much water as I should but I go quite a lot), zero sex drive (I don't think I ever had one so I don't even know what it's like to have one...I'm very interested in guys but I don't ever get that sexual desire, and severe stomach cramps (not as much as in the past...I think it's because I haven't been eating as much breads/carbs). I have been on antidepressants since I was about 14 for OCD, anxiety, and mild depression. I started on Paxil on and off for a little while, and then I was put on Zoloft around the age of 18. I was on Zoloft for about two years or so. Then I tried Lexapro for a year. I was diagnosed with hypothyroid at age 18 and have been taking Levothyroxine (50mg) since. I have always been on the generic until just this week I wanted to try the brand name to see if that made a difference at all. My levels are normal but I don't feel normal. I decided to go off of antidepressants all together in July 2011. It has been almost 7 months and I still feel major brain fog and fatigue, constantly having to go to the bathroom, and zero sex drive...Although I think it has increased until I started Prozac last week (I only took it for 3 days and just switched to Bupropion XL 150 mg (generic Wellbutrin). I decided to try something again because I was told my symptoms could be because of depression...but I'm depressed because of my symptoms! I didn't feel any less tired, etc. while on the antidepressants in the past...Since Prozac causes sexual side effects, I didn't want to be on it. I have been to the endocrinologist, gastro, psychologist, urologist, cardiologist, etc...I am going to see a food allergist in 2 weeks. I thought maybe it could be a gluten intolerance...but I was tested for Celiacs last yr and it was negative...I was even tested for Lyme and that was negative as well.
vitamin_d_deficiency_acne_hairloss	vitamin D deficiency acne hairloss	 Private 	 MedHelp General 	1	Hi. i thought i had been suffering from hormonal symptoms for the past 4-5 years, acne, hairloss, moodyness, very irritable and depressed, allergies, the list goes on. i was tested by my integrative doctor adn she says i am very low in vit D, my level was a 4. i was also low in vit. A, magnesium, zinc, calcium, chromium, folate, and she put me on a probiotic. and took me off dairy adn gluten. my acne is worsening now. ive been off gluten for 3 months adn dairy also. i have been taking the vitamins for a little over a month. i have heard people say that things get worse before they get better with taking vitamin d. could this be it. my hairloss is also worsening. my nails are more brittle. i take 10,000 units or whtever a day. i am wondering if the vitamin deficiencies are my cause of my issues or if it could still be hormonal? why are my symptoms not gettting better when im taking all the supplements i am deficient in. the only thing i see any improvement in, i think, is my eyelashes. but everything else is worse. i feel hopeless and depressed. my skin is so oily and covered in acne. has anyone has luck with vitamin d and acne and hairloss? or any vitamins and these symptoms? and if so how long does it take to start seeing and feeling improvements?? i really need support through this. im a 28 year old woman. im suppose to feel great and attractive, but i feel horrible and ugly. its holding me back from living my life and im so tired!!
vcfs_22q11_2	vcfs 22q11.2	Public	 Autoimmune 	1	this is a serious genetic related defect that is overlooked..it needs more awareness and more support...complications regarding this are hardly ever the same..but the support that is needed is...from learning difficulties to heart related problems..from hearing problems to muscle related.or all of the above and then some..this needs to be brought to attention..and it will be...please join this group
fibroids	Uterine Fibroids	Public	 Women's Health 	6	About half of all women will have uterine fibroids at some point.  Some research says that  as high as 80% of women will have at least one fibroid by the time they are age 50.  Most of these fibroids will not be symptomatic.  About 300,000 hysterectomies are performed each year in the U.S. due to fibroids that are causing problems.This group is a place to ask questions, talk about treatment options, offer advice and BTDT's (been there done that), and generally have a safe place to discuss uterine fibroids.  Some women really need treatment, some really don't, and appropriately getting or avoiding treatment usually comes down to knowledge.
vent	vent	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	vent about being ill.
unda__the_table_	Unda' the table.	 Private 	 Addiction 	6	place to share and talk about anything and everything....addiction health issues, concerns and help.
working_moms_group	Working Moms Group	Public	 Children's Health 	6	a place for working moms to talk about issues without getting guilt trips about having to or choosing to work any working mom is welcome to join!
weight_gain	Weight gain	Public	 MedHelp General 	8	This is for the persons who wants to gain the weight.
weight_loss	Weight Loss	 Private 	 Healthy Living 	1	Weight Loss
wholistic_awareness	W*Holistic Awareness	Public	 General Health 	1	The real and deeper meaning of the word W*Holistic
want_new_friends	Want new friends???	Public	 MedHelp General 	5	Come here if you would like to meet someone new
which_food_or_exercise_increses_the_pregnancy____	which food or exercise increses the pregnancy....	Public	 Pregnancy 	13	any experiences of pregnancy diet or position or .....
willing_to_pray_and_listen	Willing to pray and listen	Public	 General Health 	7	This group is designed to offer an ear to hear. I am willing to listen to you. I am also willing to pray for you.I promise not to judge just pray if you feel you need someone to pray with you.Hugs!It is hard to go threw so many things. It is always nice to have at least one person to talk to. Doors Open!
you_are_not_alone_	You Are Not Alone!	 Private 	 Addiction 	1	A place you can be honest about the drugs you take and not be judged.
weight_loss_journeys	Weight Loss Journeys	Public	 Healthy Living 	175	A group for people who would like regular buddy support on their weight loss journey.Anyone can join the group the only request from every member it to participate in teh group regularily - to share highs and lows, to be supportive and inspiring to eachother.
you_name_it	You name it	Public	 Diabetes 	5	Any thing that makes you think wisely
women_s_health_center	Women's Health Center	Public	 Women's Health 	139	Utilize minimally invasive surgery, high-resolution ultrasound imaging, preventive women’s health techniques, and management of both high risk and normal pregnancies to provide comprehensive care for women of all ages, all while maintaining a personal touch.
your_life_story	Your Life Story	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	58	This group is a place where you can share your life story, and explain why you have grown to be the way you are. We want to be understood and loved, right? But the only way we can be understood and loved is if we open up and share who we feel we really are with others. By being honest with how we feel, we will make real friends, and get the support we want and need. See, if we all hide away in fear, we will never realize that there are millions of people also hiding in fear, and we may otherwise never find the love and support we could have. So please share your story with us, we welcome you with an open heart!!
working_men	WORKING MEN	Public	 Genetics 	1	WORKING MEN NEED TO KNOW. WE DONT GO TO THE DOCTOR BECAUSE WE WORK. WE USUALLY RELY ON OTHER PEOPLE TO TELL US ABOUT WHAT IMMEDIATELY IS GONIG ON WITH OURSELVES OR IMMEDIATE FAMILY. THIS GROUP IS OPENED TO EVERYBODY WITH REAL PROBLEMS. THE FOUNDATION OF THIS GROUP WILL BE LAYED BY THE EVERYDAY CHALLENGES LIFE BRINGS TO US. IM A 28 YEAR OLD MAN WHO WORKS AROUND 70 HOURS A WEEK UNDERGROUND COAL MINING IN ABOUT 52 INCHES. MY FAMILY IS A WIFE AND 2 CHILDREN WHO HAVE A GENECTIC DISEASE CALLED FABRY. MY DAUGHTER AT AGE 13 IS GOING THROUGH PRUBITY WHICH KIND OF FREAKS ME OUT BECAUSE IM A GUY IT SHOULD IT BUT IT DOES. THE FOROUM ISNT ABOUT NONSENSE OR SPELL CHECK OR PROPER GRAMMER. ITS IN CAPITAL LETTERS NOT FOR IMPORTANCE BUT SO AFTER WORKING IN THE DARK I STILL CAN READ A LIGHTED SCREEN. ITS NOT ABOUT STATS, MIRACLES, OR EVEN COMPASSION. HELP. THATS ALL ITS ABOUT. I WORRY ABOUT MY HEALTH BEING A WORKING MAN JUST LIKE ANYBODY ELSE THAT SUPPLIES FOR THEIR FAMILY. STRESS, DRUGS, SUICIDE, HEART PROBLEM, RARE CANCERS WE DEAL WITH IT EVERYDAY. COME ON AND JOIN THE GROUP I WANT YOUR QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS IN BOTH MEDICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH AND WE'LL TAKE IT ON.  THANKS  JAY
zyban_experiences	zyban experiences	Public	 MedHelp General 	3	Has any one had a good or bad zyban experience or thinking of using them as an aid to give up smoking or depression, I have been reading some interesting things about these pills, so it would be good for your feed back and it would all so help people in the future decide if its right for them :) p.s I am on day 8 at the moment and have insomnia and i am getting obsessed with each task i do.
want_the_truth__you_can_t_handle_the_truth_	Want the truth? You can't handle the truth!	Public	 Alternative Medicine 	2	This group is for everyone who wants an answer but nobody will give them an honest one... Do you have a problem and don't know how to solve it? Friends and family members tell you what you want to hear? Can't stand liars? Well I will not candy-coat the truth for you, my dear. You will get it raw & uncut. Minus the obsenities, of course....
wolves	Wolves	Public	 Pets 	1	for those who love all wolves and want to save and protect them
parisweekend	weekend breaks europe	Public	 Diabetes 	1	Brilliant Trips provides UK short breaks don’t have to be boring, and weekend breaks abroad don’t have to be expensive. And also some winning breaks offering exciting activities, great evening entertainment and amazing value for money.Brilliant trips offers One Night Breaks trips. Whether you join a Brilliant Group trip, or gather your friends and organize your own group, we will make sure everything is just the way you want it.For More Details:http://brillianttrips.co.uk/
worried_needsupport	Worried About HIV Support 	Public	 HIV/STDs 	11	This group does not answer questions about your risk, yet we support each other over our fears and try to find ways to calm down and know NO matter what we will be okay. This is a support group for people who are having anxiety issues feeling that they may have been infected with HIV. Some of you are in the window period and waiting for an accurate result. Some of you may have tested negativr, but still think you are showing symptoms and can't believe your test results. This is a support group so we can all come together and support each other. In this time I know how lonely it can be, but KNOW you are not alone.If you’re concerned that you may be entering into an episode of stress depression and anxiety, this support group will be for you. You’ll want to know the psychological symptoms and the physical symptoms associated with these problems and how they affect sufferers. Here are the most common physical and psychological symptoms of stress, depression and anxiety:          Lack of energy. This common symptom is common to stress depression and anxiety and no matter how much you try, you just can’t seem to get energized for anything. This affects motivation and so you’re in a catch 22 situation. The less energetic you feel, the more your motivation levels drop. The less motivated you feel, the lower your energy levels become.         Exhaustion. This is major symptom of depression and it is so debilitating. This is a different kind of exhaustion than the exhaustion you feel say after strenuous physical exercise. In depression, the exhaustion is mentally and physically crushing. Even performing simple daily tasks is way too difficult and it doesn’t matter how much you sleep, the exhaustion just won’t go away.        Trembling Hands. This is mainly a stress or anxiety symptom. The sufferer may be in such an anxious, fearful state that the body floods with powerful chemicals such as adrenaline. In this state, the brain is in a high status of alert and trembling hands are one of the most noticeable, uncontrollable physical symptoms of stress and anxiety. Until of course, the root cause of these problems is addressed and the trembles will then disappear.        Disturbed Sleeping Patterns: This symptom is common to stress, depression and anxiety and it works in 2 main ways. The suffer will either sleep too much or more likely, will only sleep for a couple of hours a night, maybe even less. In many cases, sleep is disrupted because of vivid nightmares, which some sufferers may not even remember. Other sufferers have recurring nightmares. Although these vivid dreams may cause distress, please realize that it isn’t representing anything about you, it is the stress, depression or anxiety that is causing the brain to work overtime and these vivid dreams are a symptom of this, so please don’t blame yourself or feel guilty. The nightmares will disappear once stress, depression and anxiety are under control.        Excessive Worry. Among the more common psychological anxiety, depression and stress symptoms, excessive worry means the sufferer worries about even the smallest of life’s events. A sufferer will be unable to find positive outcomes to anything and will continually assign negative outcomes to all situations. In continually assigning negative outcomes, life becomes very hard as sufferers are in a fearful state of mind for prolonged periods, a state that harms the body as well as the mind.        Irritable. Irritability is a major stress symptom as anyone who’s been under severe stress (and most of us have at some point in our lives) will know this all too well. When you’re under stress, you are stretched to your limit and your patience levels are thin. This explains why even the slightest thing can cause a sufferer to lose their temper or be off-handed or curt towards others. And even when the slightest mishap or accident occurs as they do so often during our daily routines, it will fuel the frustration causing more aggressive or nasty behaviour. Again, this is a symptom of stress and the irritability goes away when stress is relieved.       Isolation. Wanting to shut out the world is another major symptom of depression, although stress sufferers can sometimes seek solitude too. Retreating into a solitary, lonely world further pushes the sufferer down the depression spiral – it’s like self imposed solitary confinement – making it even harder for sufferers to find a way out of depression. This is because sufferers feel uncomfortable or even awkward around others and would rather be alone to avoid this feeling.        Panic. This anxiety symptom arises because the sufferer is convinced a catastrophic outcome to an event - or a number of events - in life is imminent. Possible examples could include a wedding, a house move, a work situation, relationship issues, illness, flying, or speaking in public. Sufferers simply cannot change this focus and the more they think about this catastrophe, the more panic stricken they become. Fortunately, there are a number of ways to address this so a person doesn’t enter the spiral that leads to panic.        Worthless Feelings. A symptom of depression although stress sufferers may also feel this way sometimes. This is a terrible feeling to have. Sufferers lose all sense of self worth, self esteem plummets and overly critical self-deprecation is performed, adding to the torment. Self confidence erodes away to nothing and at this point, an individual will find no joy in life, including pastimes and activities that previously brought them so much joy and happiness. The good news is that confidence and self esteem are skills that can be re-learned and along with many other skills form a crucial part in treating depression.        Guilt. Another of the psychological symptoms common to stress, anxiety and depression, guilt can be a heavy burden for sufferers because it’s a lose-lose situation: They will feel guilty about things they’ve done or they will feel guilty about things they didn’t do. A continual replaying of events accompanied by regrets and “If only..” causes deep emotional anguish and heaps yet more torment on to an already tormented person. Guilt really is a powerful, destructive but ultimately worthless emotion yet the harm it inflicts on sufferers is immense. Guilt, like many other emotions, can be dealt with very effectively and this is another important skill to master in managing stress, depression and anxiety.        Headaches: Another common symptom of stress, depression and anxiety. This is a physical symptom and in some cases, the headaches turn into migraine, especially for people under severe stress. This is one symptom that shows problems like stress, depression and anxiety aren’t “all in your mind” and clearly demonstrates how stress, depression and anxiety have physical as well as mental symptoms.       Muscle Pain: Mainly a symptom of depression but stress sufferers may also suffer muscle pain. Muscle pain symptoms will typically be backache and leg cramps. These symptoms can be so painful, and a problem is that sufferers will be unaware that the pain is a symptom of depression. Once the depression is controlled, the pain vanishes.       Racing Heartbeat: Not so common with depression, more a symptom of anxiety and stress. Again, the highly-aroused emotional state floods the body with adrenaline and the heart rate rises. This may also cause “butterflies” in the tummy as well.        Loss of Appetite. A symptom common to stress, anxiety and depression, loss of appetite is perhaps one of the most obvious consequences of stress, anxiety and depression because of the emotional state of the sufferer. No one feels like eating when they’re frightened, panic stricken or feeling worthless and exhausted. There are some sufferers whose appetites have increased dramatically but they are in the minority. Loss of appetite is more common, and reducing food intake further affects energy levels and deprives the body of nourishment, further exacerbating stress, depression and anxiety. It’s important to note that the causes of stress, depression and anxiety are not rooted in diet and diet alone cannot cure any of them. However, healthy eating does have a part to play, and it should be a part of your stress, anxiety and depression treatment.       Loss of Sex Drive. Just as above, this symptom occurs because of the emotional state of the sufferer. Paradoxically, many people who are depressed can seek emotional re-assurance from sex even though their sexual appetite has decreased. So loss of sex drive doesn’t necessarily mean abstinence from sex. This is more common to depressed women than men, as for men, being in a highly stressed, anxious or depressed state can make the physical act of sex nigh-on impossible. For reasons that I hope are so obvious I need not go into any more detail! Again, as with the other symptoms, your sex drive will  return once stress, depression and anxiety have been brought under control.
what_is_love_	what is love?	Public	 Mental/Emotional Health 	3	whats the meaning of love? well this group is here to try to understand the true meaning of love.
what_options_u_have_for_getting_off_pain_meds	what options u have for getting off pain meds	Public	 Addiction 	1	this is a polace for anyone who has an addiction and needs help or advice as to what to do...im a struggling addict that wants to knmow if there are other like me ...any one is welcome with a substance abuse problem.....
weight_loss_to_save_your_future	Weight loss to save your future	Public	 Women's Health 	15	The purpose of this group is to help our friends in the medhelp family to know they have a helping hand in there weight loss journey. No matter if you need to lose 10lbs or 100 lbs or more. I will be here for you b/c I am going threw the same thing. let's reach out and help each other we can do this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
work_chat	Work Chat	Public	 MedHelp General 	2	This is for those of us who would like to talk about, complain about, or ask questions about work-related issues.  Please refrain from mentioning any business name, or the real names of those you work with, for privacy purposes.  Let's hear what you have to say about your job! :)  This is NOT a forum for those looking for people to hire, or those looking for work, please see your local classified ads for that. :)
we_are_survivors	We are Survivors	Public	 MedHelp General 	6	We are young We are far Born in this world as it all falls apart We are strong We don't belong Born in this world as it all falls apart I see the children in the rain like the parade before the pain I see the love, I see the hate, I see this world that we can make I see the life, I see the sky, Give it all to see you fly Yes, we wave this flag of hatred, but you're the ones who made it Watch the beauty of all our lies passing right before my eyes I hear the hate in all your words. all the wars to make us hurt We get so sick of so sick, we never wanted all this Medication for the kids with no reason to live So we March to the drums of the dammed as we come Watch it burn in the sun - we are numb We are young We are far Born in this world as it all falls apart We are strong We don't belong Born in this world as it all falls apart As we walk among these shadows, in these streets, this field of battle Take it up, we wear the medal, raise your hands with burning candles Hear us whisper in the dark, hear in the rain you see the spark Feel the beating of our hearts, fleeting hope as we depart All together, walk alone against all we've ever known All we've ever really wanted was a place to call our home But you take all we are; the innocence of our hearts Made to kneel before the alter as you tear us apart So we March to the drums of the dammed as we come Watch it burn in the sun - we are numb We are young We are far Born in this world as it all falls apart We are strong We don't belong Born in this world as it all falls apart We will fight or we will fall Till the angels save us all We will fight or we will fall Till the angels save us all We will fight or we will fall Till the angels save us all We will fight or we will fall Till the angels save us all We are young We are far Born in this world as it all falls apart We are strong We don't belong Born in this world as it all falls apart We are young We are far Born in this world as it all falls apart We are strong We don't belong Born in this world as it all falls apart
wolf_parkinson_white	Wolf Parkinson White	Public	 Heart 	1	People that have been Diagnosed with Wolf Parkinson White (WPW)
west_nile_virus	West Nile Virus	Public	 Infectious Diseases 	1	West Nile Virus victoms in search of answers.  If we work together maybe we can help.I contracted west nile in late may 2012 while working in LA. I had all the symptoms of west nile fever. I now get head aches contantly, with ringing in my ears. (when not on pain meds) At the begining of may 2012 I had an anoying tickle in the back of my neck, and night sweats. I ran out of my pain meds on Sept. 22, 2012, and my body was tingley. The worst part of what I was feeling was a tingle or tickle in the back of my head/neck. This was very anoying and made me want to go crazy. I am 24 years old and have no spleen due to a bike wreck. When first diagnosed the west nile part of my blood was 4.1 and is now a 4.22.
___teen_mother_s_group___	~* Teen Mother's Group *~	Public	 Healthy Living 	3	I am starting this group because i my self is a teen mother... I would like to get to know everyone in this group and share your stories, problems, anything u need to get out do it... invite people to come to the group.
