"At age 53,my now 69 yr old husband had surgery for a benign brain tumor located between the the two frontal lobes of the brain requireing Laser Surgery. At that time he was told because of the heat generated in getting all of the tumor, he might at some later date, have some memory loss.    He has continued to work but in the last two years has noticed problems with memory. The work he    does    /did is detailed and requires concentration and memory. More recently, when in a stressful situation (not job related ) he became confused,unable to get facts straight/sorted out.    He also has a hard time making decisions.    He was abt. this same time    diagnosed with Chronic HBP and is on Lisinopril which is controlling it and seems to be helping. Fearing a return of the Tumor we consulted his Surgeon, had an EEG done, saw a top    Neurologist in our area, were prescribed Ativan &    Resperdal by two different doctors, neither of which he could tolerate. In fact he felt the Resperdal made things worse. From what the Drs. told us , at this time there is no sign of Tumor or Seizures or- they say- Dementia/Alzheimers.Could this spell of confusion have been a TIA ?    About    20 years ago, he had a spell of temporary l loss of sight in one eye, and tests showed his BP extremely high at that time. He was given a shot and sent home. The next day the Dr. told me \" I thought he was going to have a Stroke right in the office \". He tried meds to control it at that time but could not tolerate the meds.In all of these Dr. appts, he was never given a complete Physical Exam, nor were any tests done to check for blockage in arteries etc. Lab work ruled out Hypoglycemia ..He was told that HBP of long standing could affect memory.I guess my question is--just because Dementia was not found now, does that mean it will not show up in the near future.    From reading I've done it seems that heat generated by Lasix may \" seal off \" the brain cells causing problems ???Since we did not recieve any answers defineing the problem, I would appreciate your comments.thanks,    Junie 37"