"I am 23 years old and just found out that I am Positive for one copy of the R506Q ( Factor V Leiden) mutation. I aquired a DVT in my left leg at 9 weeks gestation during my second pregnancy and have never had any major prior health problems (well i've had endometriosis but i think that is irrelevant, but if not please advise) or known family history of thrombosis. I didn't have any problems with my first pregnancy and have had surgery twice for the endometriosis which resulted in the removal of my right fallopian tube. Also the report says that my Protein S activity is slightly low at 46% and was told the normal range is between 60-140% . I've been reading up on Coumadin and the risks it has on internal hemmoraging and am a little scared of the effects.My doctor has told me that I will have to take the pills for the rest of my life. Also the risks associated with pregnancy and FVL are frightening. And am also concerned that I may have passed the gene to my sons but also while reasearching I've found that most say newborns and asymptomatic children should not be tested.Questions1. Should I continue the 5mg a day on Coumadin since this is my 1st occurance and taking into consideration my family history of no clots (also in getting a doppler reading a week ago the clot is still there but is diminishing slowly)? or should i continue until clot is completely gone? Could taking a baby aspirin a day and adding herbs with anticoagulant activity do the job?2. Does my Protein S activity put me at a greater risk of obtaining clots?3. Should I have my children checked? If so at what age? (they are 4 yrs. old and 10 weeks)4.Will I have circulatory problems for the rest of my life (the leg still swells periodically when on my feet or sitting for long periods of time)?5. Why didn't I get a clot with my first pregnancy or after the surgeries? And since I got it during pregnancy what are the chances of getting another if I were to get pregnant again?6. Should I even consider going through another pregnancy and what is the reality of my health issues and the health and risks of the unborn child that could arise ?"
