"I have been married for a little more than 2 years.    I have known my wife for more than 5.    I love her very much.    She has (and I have as well) put on a few pounds in the past 2 years.    We are currently working on it and the results are looking promising.    For the most part we aren't \"fat\" people.    I am about 6'2 and weigh 180.    No problem there. Just need to put the work in to get the results I want.    My wife is about 5'7-8 and weighs about 138.    She is overall a skinny girl.    Her stomach bothers her the most as it seems her body is predisposed to store fat there.    She is working on it and has done a great job eating well, watching her calorie intake, and working out almost every day.    She has lost about 6 pounds in 2 weeks.Then the bombshell...Turns out my wife has been a lot bigger in the stomach department her whole life... She has been \"sucking it in\" the whole time I have known her (yes the whole time) and what she says since she turned 14 or so.     It looks like how she describes it as looking 3 months pregnant.    Im proud of my wife for telling me this as she hasnt told anyone before ever.    It took a lot of guts.    Needless to say I was a little shocked.    It really does look like she is 3 months pregnant when she doesnt suck in.    Im a little worried medically about her.    I felt her stomach and it seems a little \"hard\" to me.    Shouldn't fat be soft for the most part?    I know mine is.Reason for me thinking its genetics is that her parents are a little on the heavy side.    Her father is a overall skinny guy.    Skinny chest, arms, and legs.    But a fat stomach.    Her mother is obese.    My wife is skinny pretty much everywhere else on her body except her stomach which seems overly big.    She says that it first started when she was about 14 or so.    Here was this little blond twig of a girl with a little mound tummy.    She has been ashamed of it forever.     We are trying to have kids soon and she doesn't want to lose too much weight as it might be unhealthy.My question is has anyone ever heard of anything like this?    Im worried as I think she might have something wrong with her hormones or something.    Her brother has a conditon called Congental Adrenal Hypoplasia(spelling).    His body cant produce the right amount of hormones and such.    Does my wife have something similiar?    Seems weird to me that she would look do disproportioned without being something wrong..Sorry for the really long post.    Im freaking out a little...Plz respond back"
