"Hello,I am hoping you all may have some answers or insight on this topic.My mother's side of the family has a long history of an unknown and definitely genetic disorder that occurs most commonly in the women on our side of the family. What I have found:On my mom's side of the family, the women develop a problem around the age of 45 that my mom describes as \"just being so incredibly sick\". They are unable to hold their heads up or get out of bed or eat or swallow. My mom's mother died of \"heart disease\" very soon after that. My mom saw an infinite number of gastroenterologists before finally being given an SSRI. She was skeptical, but it worked. My mother has mitral valve prolapse, collagenous colitis (at least, that's what it seems like), has dislocated both of her shoulders, and has had poor eyesight for her entire life but has had worsening night vision over the years and was diagnosed this month with color blindness (only one color, and it's definitely brand new). My mom's brother developed cataracts around the age of 45, has severe acid reflux, is extremely thin, and has a stutter (like his dad did).I personally have been diagnosed with postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (it was diagnosed while I was on Adderall(adderrall), so I'm not sure what the real diagnosis should be), mitral valve prolapse, and IBS. I had shoulder surgery at 15 and osteochronditis dissicans at 8. I am allergic to almost every antibiotic and had a lot of food allergies as a kid which disappeared (not the antibiotic allergies). I think I am especially susceptible to bacterial infections. As a kid, I almost always had a sinus infection (doctors would comment on the appearance of my nasal cavity) and I had strep every month for a year until I got my tonsils out (and then I only got it around twice a year). At 19 I developed a pretty bad staph infection that was in my fingernail, in my wrist, in my scalp, in my mouth, and I think in my connective tissue (as indicated by petechia, bruising, red puffy lines under my eyes, severe muscle pain, etc.)My hair is also getting lighter, but I don't know if that's relevant. (Not lighter from the sun, I promise.)I am currently on medical leave. I am extremely suspicious that I have a connective tissue disorder, but I'm not sure. My aunt has Crohns, her daughter has mitral valve prolapse, etc etc etc.I noticed the other day when the sun was really bright in the mirror that I have these shiny yellow/gold rings on the outer edge of my iris. I don't think I have Wilson's disease, but they are really shiny and weren't there before. My mom has them as well (I checked with a flashlight) but hers are much more full looking. None of us have liver problems (besides my uncle, but he's an alcoholic).I am experiencing problems with severe back pain, knee pain, shoulder pain, elbow pain, and bone pain (forearms, lower legs). Ibuprofen helps but promethazine helps more. I have been experiencing floaters more than usual (but I've had a lot of them ever since I was a kid). I see flashing lights since I was 15, and experience every symptom of transient ischemic attacks besides the paralysis. I attribute this to my orthostatic problems which cause my cranial pressure to get too low.Anyway, please contribute if you have any ideas."
