"Let me start by saying that a recent HLA-DR blood test has determined that I'm 'homozygous.    I've been in the natural healing field for years and have been researching my long term illnesses, but I don't have a clue as to how this condition might affect my situation or which, if any, of my symptoms, can be caused by such a genetic condition.I    was unknowingly exposed to toxic mold for many years in a rental apartment.    I lived there since 1979, but wasn't aware of the mold until it started to smell in 2003, at which time I began to understand all of the debilitating illnesses that had been overtaking my body for many years.As soon as I moved in I developed constant yeast infections, and within a year, I developed carpal tunnel syndrome in BOTH of my hands.    I'm right handed and was doing some repetitive motion work so thought it was caused solely by that.    Come to find out that the mold exposure could have 'triggered' sjogrens syndrome and that the carpal tunnel syndrome can be caused by it due to nerve issues that present with sjogrens.    In retrospect I can see that many of my mysterious symptoms over the years can be caused by sjogrens.I recently had an HLA-DR genetic blood test to learn if my genetics can cause me to not be able to 'detox' the mycotoxins from mold exposure.    This is one in a series of blood tests that some doctors are using to determine if mycotoxins are making a person sick.    If the body doesn't recognize mycotoxins as 'toxic', they just keep circulating and making the person sicker.    I've been getting sicker and sicker despite all of my attempts to 'detox'.    I'm a very health conscious person and have been working very hard to regain my health, but instead I just keep getting sicker.    I've moved 5 times in 2 1/2 years to try to find a rental in my area that doesn't have mold in it.    This discovery of the 'homozygous' condition may hold some answers as to why I can't recover from the toxic mold exposure.Thank you very much"
