"Hi MedHelp,Let me begin by stating a few things about myself. I am 19 years old and a freshman in college. Late in high school, I finally decided to do something about how I looked about twelve years old. I went to an endocrinologist who finally prescribed me IM testosterone shots for delayed puberty, which i took for six months. It was enough to jump start a growth spurt which sent me from 5'8\" at the beginning on the treatment to almost six feet (over the course of these two years, the bulk of the spurt happened the year of the testosterone treatment).Now, let me lay out the problems which I want to do something about now. Puberty has been progressing smoothly in all areas except facial hair. I have body hair (except chest hair hah) so it seems facial hair is the only lacking aspect of pubertal development. The only place that hair is noticeable is on my upper lip, and even there it is weak.my other problem is that it seems during this growth spurt that my head did not grow with my body. I have a disproportionally small head for my body. The circumference of my head is roughly 54-55 cm on my 150 lb, 5'11\" body. As you can imagine it looks and makes me feel strange.I've been doing research on these problems to find solutions to them. It seems that I can kill two birds with one stone by taking androgens, such as testosterone or DHT. I have another appointment which my endocrinologist in about a week so I will try to get my testosterone prescription renewed, but I wanted to check in here because the research I've done so far is hardly relevant to my problems and the answers remain cloudy.I am also looking into getting hGH, IGF-1, or IGF-1 lr3, because of the known effects of these on skull/bone growth. And these wouldn't have the same effect on producing facial hair, but also would not cause hair loss like it is rumored dht does. What about pGH?My main problem is head size. I can deal with waiting for more facial hair. If we prioritize skull/jaw growth, what would you recommend I take? Testosterone? will DHT solve my problems at the cost of hair loss? hGH or IGF? Something completely different? I tried to do as much research as I could before coming here so I could intelligently discuss this, but i ran into a dead end and really need dialogue with professionals now.Thanks so much, I hope to hear from you soon!"
