"Hello;I am new to this community and could not find a specific thyroid expert forum so I apologize for asking here. i have a condition called Peripheral Resistance to Thyroid Hormone with severe hypothyroidism that does not respond to medication. I am female, 32 y.o. and was affected by Chernobyl fallout at the age of 10 and had a bad case of Mono at 11, and heavy metal poisoning as a teenager while working in art school. My mother had symptoms of hypothyroidism all her life (multiple miscarriages, infertility, chronic pain, hair loss, fatigue etc.) and my aunt has a nodular goiter with hypothyroidism. I had problems with cold intolerance, hair loss, weakness all my life but in 2007 due to sudden onset of body swelling along with all these symptoms was discovered to be hypothyroid. I was treated with T4 for a while and it helped with all my symptoms but after an accidental overdose with T4-T3 combination drug I had a very brief thyroid storm and most of my tissues became resistant to thyroid hormone. My symptoms became progressively worse and include drastic facial skin thickening leading to progressive deformity, severe hands and feet edema (permanent), confusion and disorientation spells, severe electrolyte deficiencies, overall body swelling, fast hair loss, I can't walk without a cane and sometimes fall, have muscle wasting and pain, hearing loss and constant blurry vision; electrolyte deficiencies almost killed me a few times (Potassium drops cased seizures and inability to move). I become lethargic and don't know where I am when it gets colder, and swell up immediately when it gets a little bit warmer outside. My blood    tests indicate incorrect response to T3 in different tissues. I am completely disabled, on Medi-Cal and financially lost everything I had due to illness. My boyfriend is struggling to help me. We have failed to find help locally as most endocrinologists don't know anything about such cases, as those who do don't take insurance. We are asking if anyone knows what tests we need to do if we can to find out the cause of my resistance. My tests show the pattern similar to the patients with thyroid receptor mutation that runs in the families or sometimes can be caused by other factors like radiation exposure, and we suspect this is the case. Please help us, if you can. Thank you in advance;Maria."
