"Many here have vision problems and I have taken the liberty to break up your post into much more manageable sections.Â  Â  Here are your words broken into something more friendly.......................................................I guess I'll start with my diagnoses first. I have POTS, an ASD, mitral valve prolapse, polycystic ovary, endometriosis, peripheral neuropathy, HORRIBLE circulation, ehlers danlos syndrome (classical), hyperreactive joints and anxiety (since I was younger).I am almost 23, female obviously, and just had my first baby at 22. I have had two surgeries that took place September and December 2009 (1: laparoscopy, hysteriscopy + dnc. 2: a tumor removed off of my coccyx as well as the last 2 vertebrae).After these, I had horrible hemorrhaging, severe weight loss because of vommitting violently 20 minutes after every meal and could not have bowel movements for WEEKS at a time, even laxatives and the pre-colonoscopy liquid medicine didn't help. My kidneys and intestines started shutting down/not moving. Lasics helped my kidneys but my intestines only started BARELY moving ( went a moth and a half with only 2 bowel movements).A year After I had my son, I completely changed my diet to a very healthy diet as well as stopped drinking any caffiene, sodas, or alcohol unless special ocassions (and even ten maybe one glass of wine, two at most). Around this time I started getting (everything all around same time and it progresses slowly over time, now it's much worse than when it all started): extreme pressure in my head feeling like my eyes would pop out, rushing sounds in my ears, vertigo, heavy and tight feeling chest, many times my heart felt like it was bruised because te faster itd beat, the more painful it was, hard to breathe with the smallest amount of exertion, loss of appetite, feeling completely weak and collapsing, memory lapse, dazing spells, black/purple feet and hands always cold with tingling, constant numbness, pressure in my arteries in my arms like someone was holding in a bad spot, always tired, swelling in left calf (which I thought was from my varicose veins in my inner thighs), muscle spasms everywhere, constant tremmors in my hands, extreme confusion, clumsines, aching all over life i have the flu, low grade fevers, migraines (which I've never had),higher blood pressure than normal (both diastolic and systolic) even with a very healthy diet, aching all the time, dizziness, bruises all over my body for no reason at all and much more common than before pregnancy, more tachycardic than normal, stiff and very sore back and neck, blacking out, sharp pains in chest and stomach, passing out and hard time urinating sometimes while other times I can't even feel when I have to urinate, I have to rely on the pressure or when my pants get too tight.My neurologist (which seems to not believe me) ordered an MRI, EEG and b12 testing. All apparently came out negative for anything. She was very rude (which I've shadowed plenty specialists and know some have their days, but telling me I'm absent minded and my geneticist doesn't know what she's talking about diagnosing me with EDS is extremely poor bedside manners). I have done things that aren't just \"forgetfulness\" that I can't remember doing minutes later and they are extremely important, some could have negatively affected my child if my husband didn't pay attention, which a couple were when I fed my son and took off his tray (which I never do) and walked out of the room as well as another time I almost gave him medicine 5 minutes after I had already given him medicine. I am ADHD so I know what forgetfulness is and this is not the case.My neurologist told my pcp that she suspected MS but had told me everything was fine and thought it was in my head. I am pre-med and my pcp has even called my father saying she will back me up any day and she'll do whatever it takes to figure this out because every time I have felt \"off\" no one but my pcp was persistent in figuring out the cause. The results were always something rare or that needed treatment.I'm very worried my neurologist is just going to write me off like many others and I know stress has many similar debilitating symptoms but not all of mine. My pcp knows I'm not stressed or depressed and is treating my anxiety properly. I have gotten through college at a private school who tells their students not to expect to do as well as they desire to because they try to sift people out. I made wonderful grades and didn't even know I was ADHD until junior year so needless to say I worked my butt off. If I wasn't overly stressed then, then I certainly am not now. All other problems are being treated with medication.I JUST can't and won't be Okay with raising my son knowing I could harm him. My husband won't even let me drive him anymore, and I understand why. I just need some insight, if possible.I do have very bad bruising, worse than before symptoms started, and I know manynof these sound like lupus (I have a step cousin with lupus) and I do have a 2nd cousin with Lou gherrigs disease as well. Please please please give me any type of insight possible.I know you can't possibly diagnose me, but some possibilities I can have in mind so I can approach my neurologist or pcp with ideas would be fantastic and helpful. I am a genetics fanatic and have tried to approach it through family history, turning up at a dead end. Thank you so much!Jordan"
