"I have been dealing with various health issues over the span of my life and have often been referred to as a hypochondriac. After doing some research, I think I could have a connective tissue disorder, possibly EDS.I have a long family history of hypermobility and joint problems. My mother had to have both of her hips replaced in her early 50's and now they want her to get her knee replaced. She also suffers from serious bruising, migraines, arthritis and degenerative myopia, which will eventually blind her. She was told she has a connective tissue disorder, but aren't going to test her because she is done having children. I come from a long line of tall, thin people who have chronic joint and pain problems.I have been told I have a variety of diagnoses: Patella femeral syndrome, bursitis, fibromyalgia (doesn't quite fit b/c pain is mostly in joints and I don't have the tender points), migraines, TMJ, depression, unexplained neck and back pain...etc. I often feel like they think I'm malingering or seeking drugs, since I have so many seemingly unrelated problems/complaints.My symptoms: I was born with a punctured lung and curved feet that had to be massaged straight. When I was 18, I developed TMJ and the cartilage came off my jaw joint on one side. I used to exercise, but soon developed problems with my knee in my twenties (chronic pain, clicking, and popping of ligaments or tendons). Now I am beginning to have pain in my other knee and ankles. I can no longer run or even walk very far without pain. I also developed chronic pain in my hips. Not sure if it qualifies as subluxation, but my hips seem to slide out of place spontaneously and I have to do a certain movement to pop it back in (makes a loud noise). I get a lot of headaches and migraines. I bruise easily, often not knowing what happened. I got into a minor car accident five years ago, and have had terrible neck and back problems since. My neck or back can \"go out\" by the slightest movement or deep breath....The pain is debilitating! I have ALWAYS had gastrointestinal issues. I deal with intense constipation (doesn't respond much to diet- I eat a lot of high fiber foods, drink water, etc) I recently had surgery on an anal fistula. Doctors don't have a solid explanation for my issues.I can no longer wear a purse, cross my legs, exercise, wear low heels, or sit for long periods w/o pain....And I'm only 33 yrs old. I am rapidly losing the ability to do things I used to do with ease. I am in most of the time now. I feel like my body is falling apart and I don't know why.After looking at EDS, I began to see there may be an answer for all of my issues after all!My mom (plus many in her family) and I have high palates, long limbs (not disproportionate to height, though), and very soft skin.In regard to hypermobility I have always been very flexible. I can touch my thumbs to my wrist, push my fingers far backwards(among many other tricks), put hands flat on the floor w/out bending knees, put legs behind my head, and probably more (waiting for physical evaluation).I plan to pursue medical help, but I'm first doing my own research so I don't get dismissed as being a \"healthy person\" that doesn't really have anything wrong with her. It is so frustrating to suffer from pain the way I do, and not be taken seriously. I am determined to figure this out. This isn't normal, right??Any thoughts would be greatly appreciated! Thank so much for reading my post!"
