"Is it true you can't have a genetic test for EDS type III (hypermobility type)?This is what I've been told (or should I say, what I found in my research and read), and it really bugs me because it means I can't get an official diagnosis!My rheumatologist, which I see because of my CFS (NeuroEndocrineImmune Dysfunction Syndrome, more suitable name, really!) also sees fibromaylgia(fibromyalgia)patients all the time and is really putting me in a basket with all CFS/FM patients, so even though he \"scanned\" me for FM (twice!) and told me I clearly didn't have FM (which I know for sure anyways because working with PWFM and having done a lot of research for a local association, it's very obvious!), he still discredits every thing I tell him about my joints or pains or anything of that type because he simply doesn't listen or look at my file and just categorizes everything I say as \"it's normal, it's CFS/FM\"...(yeah, I'm looking for another CFS specialists, but they are pretty scarce over here!)So that one is a no-no for EDS diagnosis. Not that I didn't try. (he doesn't even aknowledges my hypermobility, which I have an official diagnosis for!).My physiologist is the one who gave me the hypermobility diagnosis. ...Well in fact he is more stuck on the \"ligamenteous hyperlaxity\", but doesn't flinch when I use \"hypermobility\" and sometimes uses it himself. But never on paper. I'm officially \"hyperlax\".I asked him, sounding simply curious (these creatures are easily scared!) if \"I couldn't have EDS type III, you know, the hypermobility one?\"... At first he looked like he didn't quite know what I was talking about, then said he didn't know much about it, and finally agreed it was \"possible\". Wow! But he said something like \"but I think theres no way of diagnosing it officially, and what good would it do you to have that diagnosis?\" Since I didn't want to push it and it was obvious he didn't want anything to do with that, I simply agreed (and it is true indeed, I won't get any treatment with a diagnosis... simply better recognition and maybe some help, but doctors don't care about that and it's hard to explain... In his mind I already have a name to put on my problem, so why care?).If there could be a test done by a genetician, I would ask for a genetician consultation the next time I see my GP. But if theres nothing to do, I don't think my GP would feel knowledgeable enough on the subject to give me the diagnosis, and if neither a physiatrist nor a rheumatologist are, who would?Thanks"
