"I was tested for MTHFR during my 4th pregnancy (new OB) because I had a prior history of 3 miscarriages.    Before my first successful pregnancy, I went to a fertility doctor (the only 23 yr old there), and was told I lacked enough progesterone to stay pregnant.    After taking progesterone supplements on each pregnancy, I carried 4 children.    It surprised me about MTHFR.    My paternal grandfather was one of 12 boys who all died from (sometimes multiple) heart attacks.    My maternal grandmother suffered from clots her whole life.    My mom (65) has heart failure, but I contributed that to a diabetes complication.    My sister (45) has had clots in her legs and lungs.    My sister (40) has congenital heart defects with her valves (which was diagnosed at 38).    Both she and I have very low blood pressure.    It is only lately, after eating enough salt to fill the Dead Sea, that my blood pressure is finally 110/80.    Before this it was normally 85/72.    If I take any Advil or Aleve, I bruise extensively.    I'm talking 20+ bruises, the size of quarters/half dollars, mostly in my legs, and thighs.    I will sometimes wake up with HUGE bruises which haven't resulted from injury.    I one time went to the Dr. with a sinus infection.    He sent me for a blood test for cancer.    I had a bruise the size of a large cantalope on my thigh.    I hadn't been injured.    Why would a condition that generally causes excessive clotting, cause me to bruise.    I can't help to think that they are related.    My OB only told me I had one type not two.    She said it didn't put me at risk for stroke etc.    I don't think she really knew a lot about it.I'm just asking, but does this run in certain ethnicities??    I know diabetes does, and since my great grandma was a full blooded Sioux, I attributed the diabetes to her.    Does this have anything to do with MTHFR??Any suggestions/advice is helpful.    Are there any birth defects related to MTHFR??    A few things that I have noticed in my 4 sons are:    One has lop ears, apraxia, loud heart murmur, a slightly concave chest, food allergies, constant diarrhea, and a prominent spine.    One has food allergies (bright red blood in stool at 2 months), prominent spine, and constant diarrhea.     One had bloody vomit, reflux, and severe food allergies (now on feeding tube formula).    My last son seems fine.    Obviously food allergies run in the family.    The two boys' prominent spines are in the lower portion of the back.    One has a hairy patch on it.    You can't tell by looking, but you can tell by feeling it.    There is a definite difference.    All seem to be normal to above average intelligence.    Of course I'm their mom and biased, but I've had comments on them, and one son (only 2 are school age) has straight A's and is being tested for gifted.    The other is on the AB honor roll.I have been cursed with a lousy pediatrician.    He actually told me, a mother of 4, that \"babies spit up\" when I told him that my last son vomited blood, choked on it, and turned purple and blue.    I demanded to go to a pediatric gastrolenterologist.    He yelled at me while he wrote the referral.    My son did the same on the specialist's exam table.    The specialist sent him that day for further testing, put him inpatient for further testing and finally put him on feeding tube formula.    Problem solved.    Unfortunately all the specialists require referral here, even though my insurance doesn't.    The pediatrician just tells me that it's a stomach bug when I tell them of the constant diarrhea.    I am looking for a new doctor that takes my insurance.    I know something is wrong.Again, any advice/suggestions are appreciated."
