"I am a 43-year-old female, 5√¢ Ä ù4, 120 lbs.    I have lost most of my hair (which, until two and a half years ago, was waist-length and still growing).    I√¢ Ä ôve lost most of my muscle tone and cannot restore it no matter how vigorously I exercise; I have become as shapeless as a half-filled water balloon.    In the space of six months my skin became so loose I now resemble a Shar-Pei from the chin downwards---this was not due to weight loss.    I have lost all of the fat in my face.    During the past year I have been experiencing    severe short- and long-term memory problems, have lost much of my vocabulary, and am having trouble performing some simple tasks such as opening containers, connecting (e.g.) USB extension cables, and following written and verbal instructions.    This spring I was found to have a solid benign golfball-sized nodule on my thyroid, which is NOT affecting thyroid function. At the time, the sternomastoid muscle near the nodule was swollen about a third of the way up my neck; that swelling has now reached my ear.    (I visited an ENT specialist recently, as recommended by my endocrinologist; this caring fellow---his first words, after I√¢ Ä ôd explained briefly what was going on, were √¢ Ä òWhat do you want ME to do for you?√¢ Ä ô---looked up my nose, in my ears, and down my throat, felt my neck; I asked him why the muscle on my neck was swollen.    He said he didn√¢ Ä ôt know, that he couldn√¢ Ä ôt help me, and left the exam room.)    Though my pulse rate is usually normal, my heartbeat feels more like a pounding, which is causing me a great deal of discomfort (my blood pressure is normal).    I have no energy.    My temperature is often elevated, though I have no infections that I am aware of.    And for many years my face, neck and arms have been covered with lesions.    These are not pimples (I have tried every prescription and non-prescription skin preparation on the market, and nothing has had ANY effect on them).    These lesions erupted spontaneously form scalp to knees over a period of three days; it is only during the past five years that they have been concentrated on my face and neck---they used to heal just as spontaneously.    Now they never heal√¢ Ä ¶    I√¢ Ä ôve BEGGED dermatologists to biopsy these lesions and they have REFUSED!     I have no idea whether the skin lesions are related in any way to the symptoms that have appeared during the last two and a half years.I√¢ Ä ôve become a freak.    I have not left the house in two years except to visit specialists, who for the most part have shooed me out of their offices (average time spent in the exam rooms: ten minutes).    The experience I described with the ENT specialist is typical. Interestingly, the two that didn√¢ Ä ôt dismiss me out of hand were female doctors---but I can√¢ Ä ôt say that even they tried terribly hard to find out what is going on.    I feel as if I am trying to get a vet to examine a cockroach, and that I have become so hideous in the past two years that even doctors (the male ones, anyway) do not even regard me as a person. They don√¢ Ä ôt want to hear, they don√¢ Ä ôt want to see.    Apparently they do not think there is anything WORTH salvaging.I have been all over the Internet looking for a rare-diseases site with an advanced symptom-checker feature, but such a site, as far as I know, doesn√¢ Ä ôt exist---and the descriptions of rare conditions are so brief that they are useless to me.    As I don√¢ Ä ôt have anything communicable, I can only assume that I have a rare genetic disease.SOMEWHERE there must be a database into which someone can enter five or ten symptoms and at the very least narrow down the list of conditions that might be causing the symptoms.    Does anyone know of such a database, and how to access it?Or is there a doctor reading this forum who can give me a clue as to what is happening to me?Please do not advise me to go to the NIH, a university hospital, the Mayo Clinic, etc.    I cannot afford it.    And even if I could, I could very well end up in the office of another doctor who thinks the world is a reality show/beauty contest and that diagnosing or treating a disfigured middle-aged woman isn√¢ Ä ôt worth his while."
