"Hi,I had my second EMG test yesterday to help my consultant understand the changes in my condition since my last EMG at the beginning of January. I would REALLY appreciate some help understanding what the consultant told me, so I will give a little background to my condition first:About 2 years ago I started to feel tightness in my calf muscles at a time when I was playing semi professional football. This tightness quite quickly reached a level which meant that I had to quit the sport. Since then my legs have become more and more dysfunctional meaning that I have gone from being able to still play low excecise sport, to where I am now, struggling to even walk.In the 1st year I had many different treatments including: physio, acupuncture, orthopedic shoe implants and spinal and brain MRI scans. None of these tests / treatments either helped or found anything.At the end of last year I saw a neorologist and he did some tests including and EMG in January. On the basis of these tests I was told that I had a neurological condition that was affecting the messages sent from the brain to my legs and that this was a genetical condition. The consultant said that the existence of constant leg muscle twitching also compounds that diagnosis. I was told that the the challenge for them now is to find out what condition this is. I have no speech problems (something that they keep asking me about) but my legs are getting worse on a daily basis and the twitches have now extended to my stomach, back and arms.I had the second test yesterday and the consultant said that he would write up his report and then call me back to discuss, but that it may be that I need to have another test in 4 months to help understand    the evolution of the this problem! He did tell me that my legs have \"changed considerably\" since January but that there hasn't been \"much change\" in my arms.I am stressing out about this because I don't know what my condition might be, I have idea what the prognosis could be and the consultants are reluctant to suggest anything until they know for sure. This leaves me in a position where I am struggling to move around on a daily basis to the extent that I fall over at least once every two days, and this is seriously damaging my confidence and mental state! I feel that if my legs keep regressing at this rate I will be in a wheelchair by the end of the year - I really need to know what is happening to me.I really appreciate any help and guidance that you may be able to provide, so thatnkyou in advance for any kind advice.Scott"
