"My daughter is almost 9, and since birth, she has had an excessive amount of hair on her body.     2 years ago she was diagnosed with Sensory Integration.    I have done a lot of research on this disorder and have found and related a lot of her physical challenges to her SI condition.    She has a learning disability, and gross motor skills have been a challenge to master.    She only learned to ride a bike without training wheels this past spring.    At the age of 17 months she had to have corrective eye surgery due to her eyes crossing.     We are coping with SI with medication and physical therapy.    Another concern is this issue with excessive body hair.    We are not talking about small amounts that are an inconvenience, she asks me to shave her legs at least 2-3 times a week.    Her body hair is the consistancy of a man's hair on his legs or arms.    Even after we shave, the hair is prickly and stubbly.    The hair is not a typical females hair follicle.    She is embarrassed and takes special attention to hide her hair problem, even at the age of 9.    About a year ago, I noticed that she had developed pubic hair.    That concerns me.    She is more developed than that of my 12 year old daughter.    The hair on my 9 year olds body is mostly black (unless she has been in the pool) and course.     If this was a problem within my family with other members, I would not feel as concerned.    However, I do not have any background ethnicity that would make me find this condition somewhat normal.    One thing to note; my daughter when delivered, the physician asked me what nationality my husband was.    He is Caucasian.    Before we were discharged from the hospital, they did a few genetic tests on her because her feet and hands were \"puffy\".    She also had such thick body hair; they felt that the tests would be beneficial.     The blood work came back ok.     I am just concerned that we are missing a condition not picked up with normal blood work.    This could be a pituitary issue.    Especially with the learning challenges that she has been diagnosed with.     One more thing to note.....she is sick a lot.    I would say almost monthly.    Her resistance to illness is very weak!    She has been in school only 2 short weeks and already sick.    Please any assistance will help!"
