"Hi, I'm new to this forum and hope I can get some insight on this...I've got Ehlers-Danlos type II (hypermobility type), and for the record, I've also got CFS, or as it should be called : NeuroEndocrineImmune Dysfunction Syndrome or NDS.My most recent injuries are 3 partially torn ligaments (plus cartilage tear) in my right (dominant) wrist.All injuries are pretty old, but when you have hypermobility, it takes a lot to have something investigated, and when they finally decide to do so, it takes forever here in Quebec (more than a year since the consultation where the doc decided I should have the exam to the consultation where I got the results)So the first tear happened well over 4 years ago (didn't even notice how, just kept re-injuring it every 2 weeks or so!), and a year and a half ago I sprained the wrist good, and that's when I torn the 2 other ligaments and the cartilage. Doesn't take much anymore : it crackes when I made a \"rough\" move to put on my vest! Of course, it was one of the rare times when I didn't have my cast on (for the previous tear).So I finally got exams and conclusive results (which is rare in our cases, huh? In fact, I only agreed to do the exams if the doc agreed to seriously look it through even if a tear had partially started to heal).Of course, because of the underlying situation, individual repairs of all 3 ligaments would be pretty much useless, the doc said, and he'd be surprised if we could find any surgeon willing to do it.Even though I agree, I was pretty frustrated, because why then did he want to do the exams? He could pretty much guess what we would find (except we thought there would be max. 2 tears, not 3 PLUS cartilage!!!).So I made him understand my deception, and that doing nothing meant I'd have to spend the rest of my life with the cast on my wrist! (I re-injure too easily and it hurts too much).So he stopped, thought, and asked how much I needed the cast in my everyday life. After I drew him a pretty ugly picture, he agreed to ask for a surgeon's opinion on repairing the torn ligaments... but not before he talked to me about another option!Pretty dramatic, but much more interesting to me than he would've ever thought : LIMITED CARPAL FUSION, or partial wrist fusion (there are at leas 2-3 other names out there!). : Instead of the big bar that fuses the hand with the forearm with all the bones in between like in the \"total\" fusion, it's only some of the numerous bones that compose the hand and wrist. Of course how many and which ones will have to be decided by the surgeon (with me, of course), but I guess it would be between 3 and 8.The biggest advantage would be no more sprains. Maybe even less pain, but I'm not even hoping for that. The pain isn't really related to bone movement anyways, like in arthritis.Repairing the torn ligaments is of no use because not only could I tear them again in a year, but I could tear the ligament just next to one of them just as soon. There are so many ligaments in there that there are endless possibility to an EDS III body... ;o)I do understand a surgeon not really wanting to \"waste\" his time and energy on a job not really \"worth it\". Plus, I personnaly could waste healing time and a lot of pain for nothing too... Just trying to imagine how I'd feel spraining my wrist in 2 years if I'd go for the repair option... :-OWith the fusion, I could no longer sprain the wrist ligaments, so we would know for sure it wouldn't be for nothing...The big NO argument of course is the loss of mobility. Well I especially understand how it's so huge in the mind of a doctor, for whom health and the best working body is a must, and also coming from someone in good health!But for me, having used a cast completely limiting my wrist movements for more than 2 years now, I honestly have trouble seeing the problem with limited movements... Especially since I'm guessing the limited fusion would give me more mobility than the cast!I've been hoping for the past year that I'd get a surgery, thinking the whole time : the worst that could happen, if it doesn't work, is I'll be stuck in a cast... hum, let's see... I'm already in a cast! ;o)(of course I'm not stupid, I know it could be worst if it doesn't work... there are complications possible. I meant simply not giving the results hoped for).But of course I'd like to hear from others with a similar situation or experience... Am I thinking this right? How bad is the limitation in mobility with a limited fusion surgery?Do they take bone graft with this one as they do with the total fusion?Is it usually under total aenesthetic procedure, or just local?How long did it take you to heal? Because of CFS I can't work anyways, so I'm not worried about going back to work, but simply everyday life, as much of that as I have anyways...Could I have trouble writing after that surgery? (I mean, not immediatly after, but once it's healed)So, thanks a bunch everyone!(sorry for the long post! I tend to do that...)"
