"have a 6ft, 240 lb 15yr old with severe leg pain and weakness. We began seeing a Orthopedist when he was 3 for toe walking and inversion of the feet. Diagnosis.....tibial torsions. Into physical therapy we went with shoe inserts. As he grew he required more and more physical therapy. And is now on his 4 set of inserts. At 12 he began having horrible leg pain. He often was unable to participate in activities and we had to change plans as a result. At this time the x-rays showed flat feet and hammer toes. Leg pain was to the point of barely walking sometimes. All through this the therapist was documenting tight tendons. As a result he had bilateral heel lengthenings in 2007. He did well and was able to perform in the school musical as the lead and grew 6 inches. Then the back spasms started and the unretractable leg pain. It was so bad one day the school wanted to call an ambulance to get him. He has been on many different pain medications. And back to physical therapy again. After the 3rd appointment the therapist refused to treat him saying he needed a hamstring lengthening. Prior to this he had seen 2 different neurologist. The first saying he needed pyschological help since his EMG was normal. The other changed his medicine and again sent him to physical therapy. He usually can't make it all week at school although he walks with a cane. Stairs are impossible and forget getting on the floor. Prior to all this he was active and very helpful. He is becoming depressed because he can't even do simple things. A trip to an amusement park left him crying in pain for 2 days not to mention extremely humiliated. His twin brother is becoming frustrated because he needs to help more around the house. I might add that He had 2 MRI's a lumbar and a thoracic. I am so frustrated and my son is devastated. The doctor told him today surgery of his legs would not help him. We just returned from a 3 day stay at Strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester, NY, 2 hours from our home. They have given him a tentative diagnosis of Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia. Genetic testing is scheduled. Is there anything we can do to help him?"
