"Hi,I hope this post finds you well.    I have a question for you - since it's complicated - I will give you some back history in order to be able to ask the question and it make sense....My daughter has been a 'medical mystery' for almost 2 years now (she's 3 now).    She has been having many episodes of shaking (but not seizures), unresponsiveness (but breathing normally - just no response even to painful stimuli), fatigue, left side of her face droops/flattens at the nasolabial fold intermittently, right eye has Ptosis, at times her speech is hard to understand, articulation is poor.    She has episodes of left sided weakness.    She has moments where her hands and feet will open wide and she'll posture a bit.    She has feeding difficulty (thin liquids cause her to aspirate requiring thick-it for thin liquids).    She's had one seizure that we are aware of.    She has headaches and tires extremely easily.    On her 'bad' days she falls a lot and is not only irritable, but she usually usually has the droop on the left and the Ptosis on the right occur simultaneously as well as extreme fatigue.    She has had metabolic abnormalities - but nothing that 'screams' anything in particular.Genetic workup has currently revealed (through the work of an amazingly perceptive doctor!)Carrier for Tangier DiseaseMutation at 10398 A>G for the Mitochondrial Genome AnalysisMutation at exon 1 position 37 (Arginine is replaced with Glutamine) for the Episodic Ataxia type 2/FHM 1 gene.    The mutation has never been seen before - but given it's position, the fact that it's replaced with a polar amino acid (glutamine) and the fact that it's been highly conserved across all evolution (the arginine) - and that she was tested for this because she fit most of the symptoms perfectly - they feel this is disease causing.She also has hypogammaglobulinemia and receives weekly infusions of gamma globulin sub-q which has drastically improved her health and quality of life (from that aspect).Family history is strong with many on mothers side of the family having severe migraines, neurological, autoimmune issues, blood sugar issues (diabetes in many and just hypoglycemia in others), autonomic nervous system dysfunction.    Brother has Chiari Type 1, basilar migraines, ketotic hypoglycemia, hypogammaglobulinemia (infusions as well), was dx with Autism at 2 but dx has recently been changed to ADHD with OCD tendencies, heat intolerance.    Brother is not a Tangier carrier.Results are still pending for mother's EA2/FHM - but she is a confirmed carrier of Tangier Disease and also has mutation 10398 A>G in the Mitochondrial Genome Analysis.    The genetics doctor believes there's a very good chance mother has the EA2/FHM mutation given her symptoms being consistent with it.At one point there was talk of having muscle biopsy done - but since the EA2/FHM finding, that has been dropped.    Acetazolamide treatment is in the start of 2nd week.My question is this - the mutation at 10398 A>G has no pathogenic undertones in the general population - symptomatology with this mutation is all over the place....but I have heard 2 doctors pose that, alone this mutation might not mean anything - but given all of our genetic mutations and the nature of EA2/FHM - that the mutations could affect the body enough to cause, at the very least Mitochondrial dysfunction.We are seeing a doctor on Monday to ask about EA2/FHM - from what I've read - this disease CAN cause fatigue, but not to the degree she has - so I wonder if the Mitochondria could be affected in some way and exacerbating things?     What are your thoughts?Thank you for your time!"
