"I received a phone call this evening from my OB/GYN and they told me that it had been discovered that I have this MTHFR, that he didn't know much about it, and was having a specialist call me to set up an appointment.I have one almost 4 year old daughter, who was born Deaf.I had 3 miscarriages with in an 18 month time frame prior to my full term pregnancy. All 3 pregnancies were lost at 7 weeks exactly. Not 7w 1d, 6w 6d, 7 weeks 0 days on the dot. My husband and I think I miscarried in February 2011, but aren't sure as I never did have a positive pregnancy test, yet was late enough that it should've caught something. (I know withing a 24 hour time frame of when I will start, and am rarely off schedule.)I take a prenatal vitamin daily as it makes me feel better than a regular multivitamin. I've read that some of the B vitamins are good to take, along with your regular vitamins, but what else is out there that I could take to help?Could my daughter hearing disability be related to the MTHFR? I have always credited my regular physician (prior to moving out of state) for saving my pregnancy - I had gone in because I wasn't feeling well, had a negative pregnancy test (urine test and blood test), was diagnosed with strep throat with a touch of the flu, and sent on my way with meds. I was told to come back in 10 days, so I did, and that's when I was told I was pregnant. I honestly believe that doctor saved my baby girl. I was about 5-6 weeks along when I was prescribed the meds.None of my doctors in the past had ever really cared about my losses, or seemed like they cared. I met this doctor, and he's amazing. He looked so angry when I told him about my history, and he promised he would find out what was going on. It took 4 months for the test results to come back, but he's helped a ton.Sorry I'm rambling. I'm just so confused, sad, upset, angry, you name it.I'm young - just turned 28 a few days ago.Is there anyone out there who has been through this? That has gone on to have healthy, happy babies? That could give me advice, pointers, anything?Thanks a million in advance."
