"Since about 6th grade I've felt like one of my legs was a tiny bit longer than the other...but it wasn't SUPER noticable.in 7th or 8th grade I realized one side of my head/face was bigger and shaped differently than the other....not very noticable either.Now I am 19 years old and from 16- I have noticed my body becoming less symetrical and more imbalances. 16 years old...no pain just noticed something was different. 17: becoming obvious...18-19: My left leg is now noticably bigger than the right...to the point where if you were looking for more than 10 secs at my legs youd probably be able to tell but its still not OBVIOUS to anyone else but me...atleast thats what I thinkThe left side of my body is healthy and feels great but the right side has gotten weaker...I have developed a kind of mild numbness it parts of my right side...from arm to leg. I feel like there is some vein going from my neck to my    foot that is affected....because I get this weird pain in my achiles heel...sometimes my hip... and near my right shoulder that feels more like it has to do with nerves than OUCH type of pain...its a weakening type of pain but its not always there....sometimes the right side of my back gets a 'tingly' feeling. and I feel like when I use my back the only side I am aware of is the left...my right side isn't completly numb but to a degree its almost like its not being used which causes pain.I lifted weights while I had this problem and my right side just WOULD NOT match up to my left no matter how hard I tried and thats how I found out about this issue really.Sometimes I feel like the right side of my body is dying....its kind of an intuitive feeling...I can stile play basketball and lift weights and all that (which I dont because I feel like I need to rest all the time) I can walk normal and am still more athletically heatheir than your average person I would say...but Im a bit afraid of losing mobility...I am not afraid of death..I am afraid of living with a    big dissablility.ALL in ALL:Left side noticably bigger than right from my head to my private parts (I am male) to my feet.Slight numbness/weakness in right side of bodyPain in the achiles heal shoulder and hip on occassion.back paintingly feeling on right side of body ocassionallyjust an overall feeling of imbalance.Now, I am posting here to get as much advice I can for free...my issue right now is I CAN AFFORD A DOCTOR...I can afford a checkup thats about it but right now I am in Costa rica and I will have to drive 8 hrs to san jose to get a checkup and that costs alot.My main questions:What are the Do nots? what should I avoid at all costs?What can I do that doesn't involve going to a doctor that can help? (I love yoga and practice about 3 times a week or less due to this issue getting worse. I have lower back pain due to lifting weights and pulling my back (with a leg discrepancy) Also my right knee feels very weak and vulnerable while doing yoga..it easily hyper extends.How serious are the issues Im having and if I do not go to a doctor what are the risks?How can I get financal help with this problem? I need as much financial help as available.Thanks for taking your time to read this.P.S. I have alot of trouble sitting now because of the size difference of my hips. I have to lie on my bed regularly and I find standing easier than sitting. what should I do about this?"
