"It has been suggested by at least one doctor that I have a channelopathy of sorts. I will give you a run down as to what is going on with me. 5 years ago, I began to experience breathing issues, specifically shortness of breath with exertion. After tests were performed, specifically PFT's (low MIP, MEP MVV which indicated neuro muscular problem) , an EMG (was unremarkable then, but as years have gone by, they are abnormal...myopathy patter?), diaphragmatic fluroscopy (very abnormal...little mov't bilaterally) and several labs as well. I went from being placed on oxygen to oxygen and bipap to being ventilated full time 3 years ago due to chronic respiratory failure. I do have some muscular issues...my upper body is much weaker than my lower at this time, I can do stairs (after w orking with my legs extensively) but with difficulty. Some doctors have noted temporal atrophy as well.I have had genetic testing for myotonic myopathy..negative, have had muscle biopsies...non diagnostic. I do have other respiratory issues, mild bronchiectasis with heavy bacterial growth (most noteably b. cepacia, s. aureus and the like), digestive problems (pancreatic insufficiency) and DM type II. The docs did do a genetic profile for CF, from what I read is that I have one copy of M470V and 7T/11TG...(I just read that the other day in her office...there has been so much confusion with this), I also had sweat testing which were 48 and 50 respectively (docs also say that my chloride was higher than my sodium...reverse of what normal people are). I am treated as \"clinical\"    CF with chest physio, nebs and enzymes.It is because of these sweat test results, pancreatic insufficiency, neur issues (mainly diaphragmatic failure) that some docs question whether a channelopathy is at play..?    Perhaps chloride?? I guess that is what I am asking you..I have been wracking my brains, researching this stuff and not coming up with much. I am also guessing this is because it is a realitively new field that is finally being explored    with more channelpathies being discovered.I just want to tie this together somehow...clearly something isn't right here. I was 32 years old when I had to be placed on a vent full time and docs still don't understand exactly what happened...I have even been called crazy, muchausen's (yeah, I must be really good at faking ABG's and the like...!!) because docs simply don't understand. Please shed some light on this..I am sorry if any of this sounds jumbled. There is just so much to this story, it is very difficult to summarize it to a few paragraphs. Thank you for your time...."
