"4 months ago, my mother's symptoms of forgetfulness had become so extreme that we scheduled a neurologist appointment for her. She has a family history of severe dementia (technically not Alzheimers). After running MRI's, doing memory tests and running other diagnistic procedures, her neurologist officially diagnised her with \"Mild Cognitive Impairment.\" Her neurologist suggested that stress could be a contributing factor, but given her family history she was prescribed Aricept as a preventative measure.During the time of this diagnosis, my father (her husband of 53 years) passed away. This sent her condition into overdrive. She has only vague memories of the funeral.She lived alone for 4 weeks following my father's passing. During this time, we noted a decline in her ability to care for herself. Undoubtedly depression is a contributing factor, but even after her mourning had time to subside, she would not eat properly and began losing weight. Even more discouraging was the fact that she became unable to properly administer her own medicines due to her forgetfulness. Setting out her pills for her, getting her an alarm clock to remind her it was time to take her pills - these had only marginal success. On her own she continued to mis-dose herself - both undertaking and overtaking her medicines.We live 750 miles away, and at over the holidays we came to pick her up for a \"visit\". We took her home with us to a room in our home we had specially prepared for her. Surrounding her with familiar photos, pieces of art and even furniture items, we intended for her new home to be with us so that we could fastidiously watch over her care.Now, we have become the bad guys because we refuse to let her go home. She yearns for the home my father built for them, and gives no credence to her mental impairment. We've attempted to give her as much autonomy as possible while explaining that her inherited impairment requires \"a little bit of help\" but her reasoning skills have now fallen victim to her MCI, which we fear is progressing to a state of actual dementia. She is already exhibiting many symptoms of mild, and a few symptoms of moderate dementia. The accelleration has been rapid and alarming. Her good moments are very, very good. But in those bad moments, it's very much like trying to reason with a pre-schooler who has not yet developed reasoning skills of their own.Since the onset of this impairment was so rapid, we're questioning ourselves about holding mom here against her will. Could we be wrong? Is there any merit to my mother's tearful pleas of \"let me go home, I've got to TRY to make it on my own.\" We fear for her safety, but moreso we fear a rapid accelleration of her condition if she returns to an empty, lonely house full of sad memories of a missing spouse.Our current dilemma is one that is more social than medical. We're hoping to strike a deal with her, and frankly we don't know if this is a good idea or not. Perhaps someone here can offer a bit of advice.Would it be of benefit for us to try to come to an agreement with her? If her neurologist, primary care physician or cardiologist confirms that she needs some assistance in day-to-day living, thus making her disease \"the bad guy\" instead of us, would this potentially be well received? Having never dealt with dementia patients, we have no idea whether we're over reacting or if an agreement like this would even resonate with someone in her condition.We're using repetition as one strategy, but we need her to be accepting of her new life and not continue to hold us as the adversary. Any suggestions on making my mother content with her new surroundings would be welcome."
