"Hi allI am 30 years old female, doctor by profession . I have been suffering from this strange irritating problem (unbearable now) since my childhood that I forget minor things very easily specially the tasks assigned to me by someone else. I had always been a brilliant student all my life. I could easily remember the subject in examinations if I studied hard, otherwise I did have some problem retaining it. But if I have the concept I grab everything easily. I shall give you a few examples of my forgetfulness. believe me I never do that intentionally. I try my best not to forget.1. If someone used to ask me to bring my maths copy in the school the next day, I used to forget for many days unless I wrote it on my hand or something like that.2.    If someone tells me to bring something back while driving home, I forget, no matter how imporant that is.3. I forget to take my important documents with me if I am going to apply for anything like visa, job or important things like that.4. I forget to take my clinic keys if they are in a separate keyring other than the car keys'. And this happens almost 5/6 times a week if the keys are in a separate keyring.5. Now I have started forgetting the patient's name if I ask in the beginning of a session and I dont write it on the prescription , I have to ask it again :( I am so upset.6. I forget something everyday , lie I promise to call a friend after 15 mins and I forget. I forget to turn off the stove if I put something for cooking in the kitchen.In short, I forget all short term matters. I cant recall few simple words told to me by my brother. My long term memory is very good. Many friends of mine and my family had been very supportive but don't know how to deal with my inlaws with this problem. I look quite weak, dont look healthy and had very sensitive temprament all my life. I used to cry over small and big issues a lot. Now I ve reduced crying    a lot . I used to argue a lot over things which    have reduced a lot as well. Overall I am much more stable emotionally now but more upset with my forgetfulness. Despite of crying over small matters easily I had been very cheerful and like to be happy and witty.Do I have dementia?or Alzheimer's disease? if yes I am so much afraid that there is no diagnostic test available before I die ...any other problem    with me? how could I be so careless all my life?Why do I forget the special tasks only?what should I do?:o(amber"
