"1"&&&"post_2618158"&&&"I am 24, am experiencing Huntington√¢ Ä ôs disease symptoms.    My family is one of the few in the world who have early onset. I was a Nurse Assistant before I got sick. I made a positive, comprehensive website. It has a blog, care giving tips, ways to fight brain fog, myths, my story, my families√¢ Ä ô story, history, ways to have a positive testing experience, and ways to cope. I also put on there the poems I got published in the horizon. I have won more awards in a short period time than any other site, 35. 6 of them are International Awards.http***********"
"2"&&&"post_2717940"&&&"this is not a question.I made a comment to all caregivers, and i made a mistake, and put it on AR    post by mistake, so all of you care givers can read it there, as i dont think i could remember all of it now, I just wanted to commend all of you on your caregiving also, maybe some solutions        luck to all jo"
"3"&&&"post_2575681"&&&"My wife and I have been living with her mother for four years now.My FIL dies four years ago, and my MIL depended on him to do everything for her. She hasn't been shopping in fifteen years, and only leaves the house to see doctors or get her hair done. This by her own choice, and really boils down to laziness.She is 83 now, and her attitude is \"I worked hard all my life (about fifteen years, actually), and now I want to do what I want to do\".What she wants to do is lay in bed twenty two hours a day and have meals on a whim. Her husband catered to that desire for several years, and my MIL was often sick and bedridden because she was eating at odd hours and her medication schedule was completely messed up.He finally died prematurely from trying to care for her, and we took over. Since she gets around with a walker, it was not possible to move her in with us, so we moved in with her.The first thing we did was put her back on three meals a day, with snacks as wanted or needed. She hated that, and it is still a daily point of contention.She takes heart meds, SEVERAL pain pills, vitamins, and other meds I haven't paid enough attention to know about. The point is, most of her meds require food at the same time. If she is eating regular meals, it is much easier to give her the meds at the proper time and in the proper way.Her health has improved tremendously since being put back on a routine. However, she has started to develop dementia, and her short term memory is very bad.She has the most annoying tendency to look for the bad in everything. If it's a cloudy day, she wonders about the impending storm. If it's a sunny day, she wonders about the impending storm. if she asks about the grandkids, it always progresses into the negative, annoying, depressing things. \"Is she a good wife? (No) When will they get married? Does she cook for him?She looks for the bad in EVERYTHING, and then fleshes it out until I get quite annoyed. If we try to turn the conversation positive, she changes the subject and finds something else inoccuous to go on about how terible it is.She loves current events, because there is always some tragedy to    discuss. Every time some girl comes up missing it is a week of tongue clicking and speculation. The war, any war. Hillary Clinton. She hates her, and obsesses about what would happen if she gets elected. On and on and on.It sounds like I am bitter and totally unfit for my role in helping her, but all the negativity is getting very stressful. The fact that she forgets she has covered the same agravating Hillary rant twice today already does not make it any easier to listen to again.We are supporting her financially as well as caring for her. My wife does all the cooking, cleaning, bathing, etc., and her mother spends most of the day lying in bed watching TV. She could help a little, but she doesn't want to.Needless to say, she is not getting any exercise, and after almost three years of trying to get her to do simple exercises to keep her muscles from atrophying, we have given up.The reason I am posting this thread, ironically, is my concern for my wife. The stress that is oozing from my fingertips right now is nothing compared to what my wife is feeling.She wants to do what is best for her Mother, but the last four years have aged my wife considerably. She is getting less and less tolerant of her Mother's unwillingness to do anything that is good for her, and every meal turns into an argument about whether her Mother ate two bites, or three bites. Her mother acts like a child, and my wife treats her like one.This is not the way it should be. It is not the way it has been. But it is the way it is now.I act as a buffer and that helps, but the way my wife is reacting lately is not good, and she does not even see it happening. She needs more than time out with the girls or a weekend away. She needs a support group or something.She has spoken with someone at Human services, and someone from Hospice, and is going to be attending a support group for people who have lost their parents, but I'm not sure that is going to bear fruit.She has realized of late, and expressed to me, that she is angry at her Mother for killing her Father, which surprised me but also made perfect sense. Maybe the support group will be able to help her work that out.I'm not sure why I'm posting this.Maybe I'm looking for a support group?I could post three more posts this long to explain the entire situation, and maybe I will.Just looking for someone to talk to, I guess."
"4"&&&"post_2501712"&&&"A comment on the importance of human contact."
"5"&&&"post_2709593"&&&"Hello everyone, i am new to your group and am hoping i can help you and that you can help me. Like most of you, i was thrown into the caregiving position by accident. car accident, that is. my husband was on his way home from work a few years ago. A driver with a horrendous driving record slammed into the back of his car, forcing him into oncoming traffic where he was broadsided and hit head on, leaving him with permanent damage to his brain, respiratory and skeletal systems. (driver suffered broken rib). I know this sounds horrible, but i think all of us, including him, would have been better off had he not survived.I am 45 now and am so tired and resentful. sometimes i want to punch the surgeons who were patting themselves on the back for his so-called \"recovery.\" (I have sinse learned that \"recover\" does not mean you get back to where you started pre-accident or illness, but is a point where you no longer qualify for 24/7 \"professional\" medical care.)I must be honest. I have immense family, friend and community support. Had I not, i think our son and I would be doing significantly worse. I am very grateful for their kindness. My husband needs constant supervision and attention. I feel for him because I believe he is cognizant enough to realize that things are not what they were. I feel drained and exhausted. I am hoping there is someone here who can identify with me. I was reading the post on \"touchingm\" and that resonated with me. I just had my hair done about a month ago and a high school girl washed my hair. I felt like i was in heaven, when I realized she, this young stranger, is the first person to lay hands on me in more than 2 years. I could go on and on. I look forward to hearing back from you.Also, I have been thru the ringer, health, disability and auto insurance, legal battles, court fees, etc. perhaps my experiences will help some of you. I am very happy to do so, very truly, cosmo23"
"6"&&&"post_2579872"&&&"Having seen the toll caregiving takes on everyone, I have opened a B&B located near Denver just for caregivers to get a respite. I would encourage people in other communities who have an interest inserving the growing population of caregivers to do the same. Existing B&B's could offer discounts to caregivers or try to connect with non-profit organizations in their area to fund overnight stays for respite care."
"7"&&&"post_2746323"&&&"About four years ago while hospitalized for a psych evaluation after he had went to the ER for alcohol poisoning the doctor their diagnosed him with schizoaffective disorder. He was prescribed Haloperidol but he never took it and ended up in jail two months later after crashing his car into a persons fence. He lost his job and began drifting around the streets living in dope houses as he later told me before me and my husband finally got him into outpatient commitment. Now they have him on his medication in a time released 2 week form but he complains that the drugs are damaging his brain and making him feel like hes being tortured and he continues to claim that he doesn't have any illness at all. Our doctor told us that the side effects of the medication can cause anxiety so he prescribed restoril, cogentin, elavil and lamictal to go with it and claims his inability to understand his illness is something called anosognosia or however its spelt. The medication seems to be working fine except that he's basically a zombie. It's like he's not my son anymore and I asked the doctor if he could lower the dosages or try some other medications but the doctor claims that he would just stop taking them again if he were able.Are these pills just knocking his brain out or are they treating a medical disease?"
"8"&&&"post_2615304"&&&"My father died this last November, he was taking care of my mother who has had a heart attack and 2 strokes.    I stepped up to the plate by moving in with my mother to take care of her....I didn't realize how hard it was going to be.....I feel like I have NO LIFE of my own now.....my question is.....how do I get other people in my immediate family to help me.....I have asked for someone to come sit with her while I run to the store, they sometimes will but act like I'm asking to much of them.....I'm sick of it.....I have not had a day or evening to myself since last November......My only sibbling (a sister) lives only a few houses down    from us and won't hardly show her face.......Our family before my dad died was one that was together all the time and now...it's all fell apart...."
"9"&&&"post_2761594"&&&"To: Everyone interested in this subjectI posted this infomation on a specific post, but then realized ALL caregivers need this information.    I cut and pasted my original information and started this new thread.First of all, know that I am an Occupational Therapist who works in home health and deal with this problem EVERY single day.    At the same time, I was a caregiver for my father for 6 years and now my mother for the past 12 years.    I have MUCH empathy and personal/professional experience that I could write non-stop for 24 hours per day 7 days a week and 365 days a year, but I won't bore you.    I'll keep this post short and highlight some pointers.Often times, people get caught up by trying to be good doers and quickly get in over their head.    The people we take care of have rights, but so do caregivers.    It usually comes down to power and control issues.Know:1) You must set clear boundaries as to what is acceptable and what is not acceptable.    Once set, there are no room for give and take.2) It's important to ask for help instead of trying to do everything yourself.    If other family members are involved and not pulling their share, then you must be specific in asking for help AND delegating specific tasks.3) If your spouse is involved everyone helping MUST be on the same page for the benefit of your relationship.    So, the two of you NEED to talk and agree on the situation at hand.NOTE:    Don't forget to make a date with your spouse to keep your relationship healthy, even if it's a date for a cup of tea and the ONLY goal is to focus on one another.    Also important for this to be non sexual or the main caregiver will feel this is ONE more thing they must do. I promise the intimacy will benefit if you do this.4) It's OK to say NO to unreasonable behavior and NOT feel guilty over setting limits especially if the person can't set it for theirself.5) Pick your battles carefully.    Choose over standing for the important things and let the non important things go for another day.    Usually, it's the no-important things that drive us absolutely nutz.6) Start slowly in making changes to benefit YOU.    Rome wasn't conquered in a day.    Start with one task at a time and the next day do a little more.7)    It's OK to ask for outside help with specific tasks, but this means you must let go and let someone else do the task..8) There is a book called the 36 hour day written specifically for caregivers.    It's a must have to read.9)    Most states have a respite care program.    Check with county/state/local aging centers for information.10) If the situation is so out of hand and you truly have had it, then talk to the doctor and put it in his/her hands.    If the doctor says this must be done, then it's out of your hands and it MUST be done.    Let the person be mad at the doctor and talk to them.    Know health care professionals deal with this ALL the time.    It really helps if we know that the caregiver wants intervention.    It's even more important that the recommendations be followed up if you seek our help.11) Learn how to unarm a power struggle before it becomes an issue.    There is much literature on the net and local library.I'll take my own advice and start slow with my suggestions.    Try these 11 things first, let me know how it goes.    I'll check back often now that I've found this site.Good luck,Reirei"
"10"&&&"post_2779564"&&&"Things have improved for me since the last time I posted. I'm one of the people with \"annoying roommate\" mom. Little sister has stepped up to the plate once again to offer more help. She has offered to take mom to Europe this fall if mom is in good enough health, because this may be her last mobile year. Portable oxygen concentrators are the latest travel help on the market, and sister will drag along her hubby to act as mule for mom's shopping.Also, sister is paying for two big rounds of housecleaning while I am gone this summer, so that mom won't be living in piles of dust and dog hair, and I'll come home to a reasonably clean house. And sister brainstormed on more ways to make things keep working. Just knowing somebody is out there helping keeps me going.It will become more important in a few years when mom loses more ground, but for now I feel so much better."
"11"&&&"post_2746679"&&&"My mom who has demetia and very bad legs, she uses a walker, lives with my brother and his wife most of the time, and I go and take care of her as well when i can, she is 88 and very incontinent, we have her in adult depends and we have pads all over the couch and chair where she sits.    My question is.. does anybody know of an agency in nc that helps the elderly with care products that are free or at the very least, dont cost to much? This situation is all new to us, and we dont know where to turn for help, there must be some resources, and if anyone knows please let me know, so we can help our mom.thank you!"
"12"&&&"post_2571276"&&&"My father just lost his wife of 61 years, two months ago. He is depressed and at times anxious. The medical society tells him to, well, tough it out for at least another 6 months. If I was depressed for two weeks straight, I could be considered clinically depressed. So why can't he get help with his grief and depression. It is a situational depression but so much depression is instigated by a traumatic situation. What gives here? Isn't this a bit prejudicial? He is 84 for pete's sake!"
"13"&&&"post_2717992"&&&"I made a post to all care givers and made a mistake and posted it on AR post, then i tried to post again, and only part of my post showed up, i wish all of you the best of luck and go to the post where ar is as i dont think i can remember all that i said .i did offer a solution, maybe not a good one but i think you all are to be commended so plese read it.    luck to all of you.     jo"
"14"&&&"post_2669760"&&&"Advertising DisclaimerMy husband has COPD along with other issues relating to auto immune disorders. He has lost a significant amount of weight and looks much like a skeleton. It is scary to see how thin he is - I honestly have a hard time looking at him.I can not get him to eat. I purchased Boost that he drinks instead of eating while I had in mind that he use it to increase his daily calories. So he is only getting about 900 calories a day with his 3 boosts a day and that is all he eats or drinks. The doctors prescribed marinol but that does not seem to help.I just don't know what to do anymore. He is wasting away. I do not understand how he is just not wanting to try when I need him so much. I do not want to nag him all of the time, but I am tired of preparing meals to just throw them away. I am getting very depressed and am not going to be much of a caregiver like this. I just want him to want to help himself a little. But I can not make a grown man eat. He says he has not given up, but it looks like it to me.Does anyone have any advice?"
"15"&&&"post_2555685"&&&"Some comments about wheelchairs. Any additional input welcome."
"16"&&&"post_2613750"&&&"A comment on the importance of a comfortable chair next to the patient's bed. Additional input welcomed."
"17"&&&"post_2606333"&&&"Comments on providing nutrition and hydrationto those with difficulties swallowing. Comments welcome."
"18"&&&"post_2552476"&&&"Some comments on providing nutrition and hydration to the elderly. Additional input welcomed."
"19"&&&"post_2558368"&&&"Some comments on the use of a permanent daily log. Input welcomed."
"20"&&&"post_3007061"&&&"My father in law had a bedsore starting.    We used Bag Balm alternated with Emu Oil.    The external redness has almost gone away but under the skin is a lumpy mess and it is quickly getting bigger.    Does anyone know what this is and what to do about it?    I will call the doctor on Monday but of course, it's Friday.    A nurse friend told me it might be a boil or cyst starting.    I would like to get it taken care of before it bursts open.    Any suggestions?"
"21"&&&"post_3225097"&&&"I am currently taking care of my mother who is in    the late stage of lung cancer.    I would like to know what to expect as she passes at home.    Is there some web sites for my references?"
"22"&&&"post_3240087"&&&"I have a downs symdrome daughter age 32.    Up until 2 weeks ago, she was very loving and happy.    About 3 months ago she threw most of her belongings in the garbage can.    When I realized what she had done (it was too late to retrieve any of the items) she said, after much coaxing, that she had to get rid of things because someone was going to be moving in with us.     About 2 weeks ago she developed such a fear because she says there are voices in her forehead.    She says she has a twin that is trying to get her to do bad things.    She is so afraid and you can see her retreat into herself.    She has eaten nothing all day today because she is afraid her twin is trying to poison her.    I have taken her in for a CT scan of the brain and numerous blood tests which have all come back normal.    Any help for this would be greatly appreciated."
"23"&&&"post_3187128"&&&"Caregiver222 yu are needed back in the caregiver column, and also the senior health forumn come out where ever you are the people need you    tell sweetie pie hello     jo"
"24"&&&"post_3118159"&&&"My mom (91) was in an alzheimers facility and last September they said I should consider hospice since she was not eating.    I couldn't do it and she ended up eating again.    Then In December she stopped eating again.    Hospice was once again suggested.    I agreed at that time and 5 days later she passed.    My dad is currently in an assisted living facility.    He is now 92.    He has parkinsons, only 19% renal function (1 kidney), has had some small TIA's (like small strokes) and doesn't want to see anymore doctors.    The facility has suggested Hospice for him.    I did agree, although to me he doesn't appear that bad.    It is my understanding that to qualify for hospice the patient would have less than 6 months to live.    When he was evaluated he did qualify.    I am getting really depressed.    I have not yet mourned my moms passing - lots of chaos in my personal life that I won't go into - but now facing this with my dad I seem to cry at the drop of a pin.    Can anyone shed more light on hospice?    I guess what I am wondering is how accurate are they in the evaluation and life expectancy."
"25"&&&"post_3175252"&&&"my wife has been just been operatred for right breast cancer ,we fished 6 sessions of chemo then we did the surgery .she is a juvinile diabitic also .when we started the chemo we were told by the doctors about the physical symptoms which were hair loss.....ect ect.her surgery was fine and her biopsy showed grade 5 ,whatever that means but the doctors said that all traces are destroyed and we are very lucky to have such a good result,and we started on radition to complete the final step,3 days into it she started to get breatless while sleeping ,and was very disturbed ,the full night the next morning we went to    battery of test x ray ecg elecctolites    serum ,protiens ect,,,,all were normal but still no repise ,at last the doctor said do a echo and that showed that the lvef had come down to 35%which was 61 before the chemo and also in the 4 session ,what i like to know and understand should the patient not be informed about the side effects as the doctor put it now on chemo agets used    during the chemotheraphywe have 2 small children .and our lives are devastated .she has been put on cardace 2,5mg,digoxin    and amiflu 40.what are our chances of having her back ,normally ,is this sufficent for her recovery ,what should we do ?how can i help her to regain ,she is gone into depression on hearing this and is been treated by doctors for this,can the heart heal itself?i am lost and need some real help and guidance ."
"26"&&&"post_3007436"&&&"Hi,I am new to the community. My father had a wedge resection for stage 1 cancer.He is doing ok physically, however, mentally he is not doing so well.He is very anxious and scared all the timeHe calls me every day to ask in what order he should take his medication.He also sleeps with the lights on because he said he feels scared.I don't live with him, however, when I leave i feel awful, like I should be with him 24/7I cry every day thinking about him.He does not live alone, he has my mom (who hates him), my sister who help him, and two brothers who are not helpfulIs there anything I can do to help my father?"
"27"&&&"post_2886995"&&&"my dad has cerebellum degeneration along with a lot of other illnesses and it is hard for my mom to take care of him as his primary caregiver and would like to talk to somone who has gone through this or something like this. someone that she can relate to. to understand and give advice.    my dad is not doing well and we know his time is coming to an end. she really needs someone who understands."
"28"&&&"post_2876083"&&&"I am the mother of a very irritable 14-year-old child with spastic Cerebral Palsy. He is also mentally retarded and has the mental capacity of an 18-month-old baby. He is incontinent and must wear adult diapers. It is becoming increasingly impossible to stretch a diaper over him due to the startling size and intensity of his erect penis that extends WELL past his belly button, and it is increasingly difficult to keep my 10 y/o daughter out of the room while I clean him up.    I don√¢ Ä ôt want to hurt him (bend him) so it pokes out under his t-shirt until it subsides, if at all. I hesitate to let my daughter bring her little friends over to the house for obvious reasons. A friend of mine who is also a nurse and caretaker of my son suggested the possibility of giving him special medicine to stop the effects of puberty on his body (penis), completely eliminating any further sexual development as well as curb the natural urges for sex that come with semen production. Because he will always be a baby mentally, she seems to think my pediatrician will prescribe a strong testosterone suppressant that will keep him flaccid and much more comfortable and happy. Are their any long-term health risks related to this kind of body alteration? It sounds so awful√¢ Ä ¶ Is this really a common, legitimate treatment I should look into for my disabled son?"
"29"&&&"post_2835128"&&&"Hi I am new to this forum. I am the wife of a man who is afflicted with HIV and Hep C.Right now he is undergoing Interfuron treatment ( 1 shot a week for 72    weeks) While under the treatment this man who is generally very kind patient and loving has become verbally abusive, very short tempered and depressed ( which I know is a side effect of the treatment) I would like some input on how to deal with this without taking it personaly At times I feel like just walking out on him ( not for good)    I love him very much and we have been through a lot together.This is the second time that he has done the treatment and we sirvived the first time. This time is longer and a stronger dose. I have known of people that have separated over this. I plan to stick it out and am just looking for others that are helping their loved ones through a treatment of any kind with similar difficulties for the caretakerAll input will be appreciatedGod bless youHelene"
"30"&&&"post_3308786"&&&"The problem of incontinence."
"31"&&&"post_3363905"&&&"Swampy is thinking about writing up a set of policies for caregivers. New caregivers will have to sign a copy, but current caregivers will be grandfathered in.So far, Swampy has thought of the following (and will obviously order these things and group them by subject):1. Caregiver schedule is controlled by Swampy's mom. Approve any schedule change with her.2. The caregiver is not to invite anyone to the house, unless there is a specific work related reason. Swampy's mother, naturally, can always invite someone in as a guest.3. In case of hospitalization, the caregiver must immediately notify both the health care proxy and Swampy.4. The caregiver is expected to sit with Swampy's mom at the table while she eats (and, if possible, eat with her as well).5. No caregiver is to leave dirty dishes past end of shift.6. The dishwasher will be completely emptied of clean dishes when it is first open, an open dishwasher will always contain dirty dishes.7. The caregiver is to sign in and out at start and end of shift, and to keep the logbook as required. The caregiver is to remain in the house with Swampy's mom until the next shift arrives.8. Caregivers are to maintain a polite decorum. Remember that Swampy's mom was raised in a era when formalisms such as \"please\" and \"thank you\" were a requirement.9. Swampy's mom gets to decide when she wakes up, goes to bed, uses the toilet, and eats. Caregivers must do this immediately when asked.10. Caregivers will maintain constant, predictable work hours. An occasional special circumstance may require changing shifts, however, it cannot happen often.11. Caregivers will hold information they learn through their employment confidential.12. Caregivers are not to burden Swampy's mom with their personal situations. Caregivers are to limit personal calls at work to what is minimally necessary."
"32"&&&"post_4039396"&&&"My 86 year old Mother is in ltc, she has been for 2 years.    My Father was in the same one for 2 years, before he died 2 years ago.    I had been their caregiver, as my husband died 10 years ago.    I have a younger sister that was brain damaged at birth, whom I take care of now.    I am her guardian.    Mentally she is about 6.    I have been suffering from depression for about 20 years.    I have a bother and sister out of town.    My bother has tried to get money out of my Father, Mother and now my sister who gets SSI and medicare.    He has been a college student for about 20 years.    He says that he will pay back the money that he wants to borrow, but never does.    He should just get a job!    Sorry, I just want to vent.    I feel bad because I am the only one who visits my Mom.    My sibs came for Dad's funeral and they went thought his clothes, tie tacks, etc, and looked high and low for his will!.    I just wanted my Dad back when he could talk."
"33"&&&"post_4012960"&&&"hi im wondering if anybody can help me? ive been in a relationship for 3 years now. everything started off so well like it always does. my boyfriend was a heroin addict for 7 years untill i got together with him. he stopped doing heroin and everything was perfect hes such a friendly and loving person without any drug or alcohol. one day we had a huge arguement over something stupid. and he went and done heroin because he felt down. i couldnt get him off it for 3 months. i was so sad and down all the time. everyday i hated.    and couldnt bare watching him kill himself. i was so in love with him and couldnt stay away. he used to be so mean to me when he was on it but i know the drugs done that to him.but the way he was with me has stuck with me even now. i was so distroyed when he started doing heroin again. i told him i would stay at my mums for 2 weeks and i split up with him, i said i will come back to him if he sorted himself out. we still talked to eachother in this time on the phone. i also would get in contact with his mum to make sure he wasnt using while i stayed away. he didnt use all that time until the day before i was ment to come back to him. i was so upset i felt like killing myself. he broke my heart when i found out he wanted to do it just one last time before i come back. anyway that was the very last time he touched it. he was on methodone for a year and got himself off it with my help too. hes been off heroin for 2 years now and i thought i would be so happy. we have done so much together like holidays and going out with friends and have had alot of fun. but he can never control his drinking i will go to a club or pub with him and look forward to a good night out. he would get so drunk that he would just pass out anywhere. i always had to take him home and i could never enjoy myself. then one day it all changed and we just argued all the time over silly thing. i would get more and more down about my whole life and started to think is it worth staying with him. i always put it off because he is the only guy i have ever adored and loved so much apart from my dad. so i would carry on the relationship and pretend i was fine. in the end i started to tell my boyfriend i was getting upset and alot of the time he used to get so mad. and i could never talk to him about it. so i was afraid to mention my feelings to him. sometimes he would be understanding but alot he would get angry. i sometimes cry myself to sleep when i think about how much i feel hurt. we thought that maybe we spent to much time together so we thought it would be better if i stayed at my mums for 3 days a week. will sometimes do that now too. that started off well but then we still argued too much. we ended up both staying in together not going out with friends and drinking every weekend and argueing badley. he would sometimes get violent and grab me or push me. pull my hair and scream terrible names at me. we would make up the next day and i would always run back to him. i care for him so much and i am afraid off what life would be like without him. i dont think he relises how much i get hurt or how much i love him. i cant wait to see him when he comes home from work i get so excited to see him. i have his dinner ready i make his lunch for work. i try to have a conversation with him sometimes and its like talking to a brick wall. i feel lonely and not wanted. when he comes in from work he spends ages in the bath he spends ages doing everything and by the time he has settled down hes tired and goes to bed straight away. we hardley talk we hardley have sex anymore. but everytime i say im going to split up with him. hes seems so sad and he says he loves me with all his heart. i believe he does but he doent realise what hes doing to me. i feel so sad all the time and i noticed i have put on alot of weight. i need advice and i can guess what your probley going to say. most people say dont stay with someone who keeps upsetting you. easyier said than done. its the hardest thing i ever have too put up with. please please help."
"34"&&&"post_3739274"&&&"My father, a long-time paraplegic with diabetes, just learned that he will have to be bed-bound for the rest of his life on account of skin ulcers that will not heal.    He is torn between resigning himself to a nursing home for the rest of his life (which could be another year or another 40 -- he's in his 50s now) and just going back home, where he lives alone, and doing whatever he wants until an infection kills him.    This would probably happen in 1-2 years at the latest, based on his medical history.    I've been trying to convince him to give the nursing home a shot for a year or two so my husband and I can buy a house near our family and move him in with us (living in his house is not an option, nor would it save money -- he owes more on it than it's worth).    We're both 27, and we currently live in a small apartment 1500 miles away from him.    What I'd like to know is how much in-home caregivers tend to cost, per hour, or what the range is.    My husband and I both work full-time, and my father has a set amount of money for aid and attendance from the government.    I had assumed his income would be enough for someone to come in a few hours a day, change the dressing on his wounds, and make him lunch, but the more I learn, the more expensive and impossible everything sounds.    Has anyone else been in a similar situation?    What did you do?"
"35"&&&"post_4049482"&&&"Home Health Care made the decision that she was in a bad situation. The family feels otherwise. She has been well taken care of. Do they need to consult a lawyer in this situation?"
"36"&&&"post_4109051"&&&"I'm a caregiver to my elderly parents. My mum is in remission for cancer. I have days when I feel especially moody due to certain problems at work or with friends, and would just sit in a corner and cry, I feel isolated from my friends as many of them are preoccupied with their own lives and I can't really count on them to hear me talk out my problems.Sometimes, I feel anxious when I have to socialise and eat at public places. I have shared some of my feelings with my counsellor, however, things have not gotten any better. I feel that I am beginning to lose interest in keeping touch with people other than my few close friends.As I'm the sole breadwinner, I have not approached a doctor about this as I am apprehensive about my problems affecting my employment opportunities.Just wondering if anyone else here has had to take care of both their parents alone. And if so, would you be able to share your thoughts with me about how to manage the responsibility?As my parents are much older than me, I also often feel very afraid that I may lose them."
"37"&&&"post_3755327"&&&"how do you if breast cancer to the bones has metastesized to other places like the lungs, brain, etc?    What would be the signs the dr would see to order a PET scan or x-ray?"
"38"&&&"post_4129097"&&&"My 79 year old mother was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer on March 5th...and was given a \"limited life expectancy.\" For the past 18 years (since my father passed away) she has been living with me and we have an amazing relationship but we live in a tri-level home and due to her condition my family was worried about her being here with the stairs. She stayed home for the first week and was doing well...getting stronger every day. My brother and his family wanted her to come out to Arizona with him because his wife is a stay at home mom and we thought being around the grandchildren would be good for my mom. He talked to my mom and she agreed. The two of us flew out there on March 13th and I was there for about a week getting her adjusted. After about 72 hours there she started to go downhill.....she is miserable! She told me she would rather die than stay there.    She is not eating and getting weaker and weaker. Every time I talk to her she tells me that she \"Just wants to come home\"...I am also missing her terribly and I am willing to try to make arrangements to bring her back home. My worry is that I work full time and could not be with her during the day. I really want to bring her home though...i think she deserves to be where she wants to be now. Should I look into hospice care or are there any other programs I can look into?"
"39"&&&"post_4099013"&&&"Hey, I'm wondering if there are other young couples (late 20's, early 30's perhaps) trying to balance caregiver/patient roles vs. keeping their relationship young, fresh, and romantic.    I'm not finding many role models to guide how we should navigate this . . . it seems little of the information we find on caregiver issues applies to our situation.    The one book I read on young people with chronic illness really sugar-coated the relationship aspect of it as if it were only natural for the trials and tribulations we go through to bring us closer.    In a way, yes.    But, we live in the real world, and dealing with the intrusions of home health care, the demands of doctor visits, the strains of trips to the emergency room and hospital stays, and just the day-to-day caregiver stuff . . . that all puts a strain on things and doesn't let you live the life you imagined for yourselves at this age.    I would love to talk to others in this situation.    I'm not the caregiver, but that patient, so I hope it's not inappropriate for me to post here.    The two of us are trying to work together on finding balance in our relationship, and having a relationship that exists beyond the confines of my illness.    I'm posting on behalf of the two of us."
"40"&&&"post_4045538"&&&"I recently had my dad placed in a nursing home, becuz it was clear he no longer could funtion at home. After seeing the way he is living, I, too would like to live in a home, just not the one he does. Dad's is a low budget one without air conditioning. He gets his meals made for him, laundry done, no clean up at all. Housekeeping even takes care of his hideous plants. I'm getting up there in age myself.(53) and i'm thinking this might be what i need. Dad has his own wheelchair n the nurses actually push him to dinner. no work for him at all. They even give him a bath n he doesnt need to lift a finger. Man, i would love that. What r the requirements to live in a nursing home in west virginia?"
"41"&&&"post_3995349"&&&"My mom is sick she has trouble walking, gets dizzy spells(mini-strokes)    and has celiacs disease (an allergy to gluten foods) I am her primary support, I drive her to the doctors when Im not working, I take her to do laundry, I help pay the bills, go grocery shopping. Yet she insists on walking to the store(with her cane) while im at work. the store is about 2 minutes driving distance, but not a safe road. She claims she goes there for the paper, but in reality she goes to get a pack of cigarettes. Ive caught her with candy (which is not gluten free) so it is like poison to her body. As mad and frustrated as I get and tell her this is no good for her, she's going to do what she wants anyway. She gets medical transportation when Im at work, she has a nurse come to the house once a month to give her a b12 shot and then a nurse comes once a week to help her clean, since I am so busy with everything, and taking care of her its hard to get things done. She's killing herself and it hurts me and drives me nuts that she doesnt seem to care about her own health, I care more than she does. she only 48 and we're close. I dont want to cut her off, but I feel like sometimes maybe I should, what should I do?"
"42"&&&"post_3999987"&&&"Hi, my Name is Valerie, And i have a 6yr named Bailey, how has All witch is a form of leckima, I was wondering if there was anyone else on here that is takeing care of your sick, child, I think it would realey help if i could talk to someone who is goning through all that invold takeing care of a sick child.. Thank You!! and God Bless!!!Valerie"
"43"&&&"post_3970676"&&&"Families, professionals, learner-friendly presentations, exhibits, and dynamic collaborative opportunities make up the focus of this conference which will include a chance to schedule interviews for the Caregiver/CareSeeker Match or Ask the Experts.    The practical nature of this event addresses pressing needs of families who are faced with the challenge of providing care to their parents at home. The conference needs companies that will form new partnerships that support through sponsorships and the exhibit of products and/or services beneficial to the elderly. Join us in Orange Park, Florida May 14-15, 2009. Be part of the conference that is for everyone by 'Bridging Resources with CareSeekers and changing the landscape of caregiving.The conference grew out of the role my siblings and I assumed in the care of our parents, especially Dad who had a progressive lung disease and a neurological disorder.    The challenges we faced seemed daunting.    Frequently, we asked the following questions:    \"What do I do?\"    \"How can I do everything and still provide the care Dad needs?\"    \"When do I take a break?\"     After many discussions with physicians, physician assistants, pharmacists and social workers, we realized that this seemed to be par for the course.    Even those in the medical profession who assumed the caregiving role of their parents indicated concern about the time commitment needed, finding quality caregivers and getting it all done in 24 hours.    In spite of all of the information available, many are not prepared to care for their parents in a seamless manner when reality hits that the parents' health and level of independence may be compromised.We found creative ways to organize each day, meet our parents' needs that sometimes changed within minutes and communicated info for their timely care with physicians and other caregivers.    We experienced the gamut of emotions as we experienced the constant changes in Dad who remained cognitively intact until he expired.    Many of the assessment and communication forms we created were included in the chapters I wrote about aging parents."
"44"&&&"post_3965710"&&&"my mom is 89 and has been through alot. her nails on her fingers are turning bluish and black. 2 yrs. ago her left leg was amputated. she had a clot and since then has a stent put in. it gets changed every 5 months. what can be causing this?"
"45"&&&"post_3735502"&&&"I too was not just a Momma for six years, but a caregiver to our son, at a tender age of nine he started comming to me with strange symptoms, and in the end, was said never to walk again, in his life. He had Multiple Sclerosis and Transverse Myelitis. I watched my son every day of his life struggle to walk again, but they said no. Every day for four hours at a time he attended therapy. Now, he is 19, is allowed to drive, has a wife age 17 and they have a baby. So, God is good and miricles do happen.Chrystal"
"46"&&&"post_3940331"&&&"Guess you could say i;m new. been to many sites.My husband has active Heb c,cirrioss auto-immune, ESLD, first stage kidney disease, and diabetic.This all became active 10 years ago when he was in ER. Turned out he had alcohic pnomia,which i guess \"turned'' everything on. He got Hep C at 16, before there was a name other than non-a or non-b. By now,of course, we know Hep C. Ten years ,even his Dr are suprised. It's sad at how many ppl stay in denial when they find something out so bad about themselves,huh? Nothind changed for a while. Then small things. I took control of dr visits, specialist, everything. He,continued to drink. We, i use ''we'' because i do all research, all answeres to dr. EVERYTHING! My life is his life.WE have been thru 3 evulations at UCLA. The one this spring, he pulled a muscle in his lung, and it was catch up all summer. I'm doing all these things knowing he is not going to get a liver, his only hope. why should he? He still drinks some, not as much because it finally makes him so sick. There are so many other ppl out there who would not abuse a new liver, and ,sadly, i don't know,if he would, but i think so. I know he is running out of time. I'm in this alone,most family members don't know he still drinks. So, i enlighten them. He is ready to leave this world,he is sick every day. and so tired. Many days he never gets out of bed. I also care alot for 3 of my grandkids. My daughter has Valley Fever, and summers are hard for her. But, she makes life hard forhehself too. I guess my question is, how do i let go? I know God is in charge of that. I also believe God's got something for him to finish and he wont open his heart and eyes to HIM. Maybe i just need a place of my own to vent some of this,whatever i have.A place where other ppl are going thru some of the same things? Linda"
"47"&&&"post_3948486"&&&"Free Web Chat w/ Cleveland Clinic Cardiologist!Women√¢ Ä ôs Cardiovascular Health √¢ Ä î Thursday, February 5, 2009, 12:00 p.m. √¢ Ä î 1:00 p.m.(EST)Dr. Leslie Cho, a Cleveland cardiologist and Director of the Women√¢ Ä ôs Cardiovascular Center, will provide answers to your questions about prevention, treatment and what women should know when dealing with heart disease, during this free live web chat Thursday, February 5, 2009, 12:00 p.m. √¢ Ä î 1:00 p.m.(EST). You may begin asking questions on Wednesday, 2/4.    They will be answered during the web chat on 2/5.http://www.clevelandclinic.org/webchatMedHelp International"
"48"&&&"post_3790996"&&&"Hi, I'm 40, single and have been a caregiver, while working full time, for my elderly frail mom (age 77) who has COPD (and has been on 24 hr oxygen for the last 10 years), and Schizo-affective disorder.    She recently became very weak after repeated UTI's and could no longer walk on her own with her walker as she has normally been able to do.    When I took her to the hospital where I was sure they would admit her, the dr refused to admit her to hospital and made me put her in respite care within our local LTC facility.    I've come to the realization that it's time for her to be in LTC and although I've been gearing up for it for the last year (I knew it was coming), it's definitly tougher than I thought.    I've been gearing her up for it, and she's been okay with it so far.    They at least at my insistence ran some bloodwork and discovered her hemoglobin is very low at 89 and I had to insist to her dr that he do some further testing to find out where she's losing blood.    While I know she's too frail to receive treatment if it's a serious illness (cancer, anything requiring surgery) it could be something easily treatable.    I'm having a lot of trouble with the dr. wanting to do tests and actually treat her with iron supplements to boost her iron level.    Is this a common thing with drs and LTC patients?    I was shocked and dismayed at her normally helpful family dr.Anyway, a bad week at a bad time.    At least she looked and sounded better when I visited today.Debbie"
"49"&&&"post_4599474"&&&"My Mom is 75 yrs old. She is coming to live with me and i have quit working. I was wondering is could give some benefit for her health care,Thank you,doreen riddelle-mail ***@****"
"50"&&&"post_4406748"&&&"My husband is on SSI for a very long time due to a AVM on his brain leading to brain surgery and the end results have to have a new skull cap poured in because of a hugh staff infection that almost cost his life set in. Leaving my husband blind in one eye and poor vision in the other. Deth in one ear and selective hearing in the other. He is on 500mg Diliatin per day. He has to fight seisures every day and has gran-mal seisures 1-2 times a month. He does not drive. I do everything for him. He does not or should not be left alone. I am not complaining now because I love my husband and would do anything for him. I just need to know if there is any care taker payments out there for me that can help us out a little. He is on SSI and I am forced to stay home with him.Any suggestions?? Peace and GOD Bless. Pam"
"51"&&&"post_4522929"&&&"Good day everyone. I was wondering about belt restraints nursing homes uses for the elderly and the number of accidents related to wheelchairs.Are accidents involving wheelchairs and elderly persons a significant problem in today's nursing homes? I was just wondering what are the causes of them falling them from wheelchairs and possibly even is there a rising number of accidents related to wheelchairs?Can any doctors help me on this?"
"52"&&&"post_4587454"&&&"This forum does not appear to be very active. Are there members out there that are coming here frequently? I've noticed that some questions don't have a responseI am caring for my 80 year old father. I will soon begin year five. I love him very much but I am worn out. I also have a chronic pain condition and some days can barely care for myself.    I can't consider alternative placement at this time. Guilt would be worse than the increased pain I am experiencing if he were not with me. There are no alternatives, no one to give me respite. It would just be helpful to share with someone the daily challenges that a caregiver faces.Are there others that are caring for elderly parents or grandparents?Thank You,Tuck"
"53"&&&"post_4491650"&&&"Isabelhere is a link ta AARPhttp://www.aarp.org/family/caregiving/articles/state-by-state_long-term.htmlit is a chart for state by state long term health care costs...the site also has lots of other information...i am currently walking into the situation of how to care for y dad...his wife has incurable cancer...it came back after years of being in remission...she is very worried bout my dads care..so i am flying to see them and assess the situation..i am scared and honestly lost...i have not even the foggiest of where to begin...i am currently researching what i can...any input from the board would be great...like support services...experiences...where to start...etc.i hope the chart helps give you a basic idea..."
"54"&&&"post_4427982"&&&"Hi, I visit my Mom in long term care, she is getting dementia.    I get mad at her because she keeps repeating herself, yelling for \"Help\" when she doesn't need it.    I know I should just ignore her repeations and try to reassure her, but I find myself thinking of how strong she was and now she is so helpless.    I am also caregiver for my 50 year old sister who is brain damaged.    Some times I get so overwhelmed.    My brother and sister live far away and my other brother , who lives in town, has suffered 3 strokes in one night and he cannot speak or walk.    He can understand, but he cannot get across what he wants.    Thanks for listending."
"55"&&&"post_4481892"&&&"My husband was supposed to go to a group session this morning because he is a opiate addict. He decided he was too tired and didn't feel like going. Later he said, \"he wasn't like \"them,\" and nothing in common with blacks and streetwalkers.\" I said, \"How can you judge these people that you haven't even met yet?\" He's prejudice and doesn't think he's an addict. He's on Subonex for opiate addiction. I told him that he was just trying to get out of going. We had an arguement.Right now I am so sick of his attitude and lack of understanding what he is doing to our life together. He blames everything on me and I am just sick of it.How can I get through this? He is 72, had a heart attack, a stroke, back surgery, 2 knee replacements and has been addicted to pain pills for the last 15 years. The Methodone that he took because of being in so much pain with his knees broke the camels back. His brain and body simply said, \"Enough is enough!\" So that is his story briefly stated.I have gone through so much with this man. I am just spent. I don't know how much more I can take. He has unfinished projects all over the house. Things are falling apart and he is very messy. I am so tired of waiting for him to clean up his act. Especially when he begins blaming everything on me. ...like this morning.Tell me how I can do this? I feel like our relationship has become toxic. For me its imparitive that he get through this program. I know that group therapy would benefit him. But so far, he's looking for reasons not to go."
"56"&&&"post_4451228"&&&"My mother was diagnosed with Alzheimer's in 2003 but we believe she had been suffering for a year or two before that. She is currently in a Sunrise facility in Wilmington DE and I need to move her to a facility near me in the greater Atlanta area. My question is, has anyone moved an AZ or dementia patient a long distance like that and what are your suggestions for making the move as smooth as possible? I'll take any tips or suggestions you have to offer.My mother can not speak and is not oriented to much of anything. However, she can stand a move a bit and is not on oxygen. She really does not recognize anyone but some faces of her aids do seem familiar to her.Thanks for your help!"
"57"&&&"post_4431725"&&&"I have no clue where to ask this and I only hope someone can help point me in the right direction.My aunt has been hospitalized for a while now.    I am not sure of all the details of what she has, but I know she has not been given a timeline for death or anything like that.    She is alert, responsive, fully cognizant and if it were not for the trachiotomy she could talk.    She is able to write and communicate with everyone that way.    She will laugh, cry, etc.The doctors told my cousin (her daughter) today that since there are no nursing homes to take her (they are in New Orleans and the ones that are operable have no openings) that they would have to pick a day for the family to come in and say goodbye and they would pull the plug on her ventilator (the only life support she has).I don't see how they can just pull the plug on an alert person.    I have heard cases where people fight to pull the plug on comatose ones.    This is not the case here.    She is not ready to leave this earth.The only other option that was given was for her to go home with her daughter, but my cousin was told she would have to stay awake 24/7 to watch her and if she died while there that they would charge my cousin with negligent homicide.I am getting all of this second hand (I am in Kentucky as my husband is in the Army) but this makes absolutely no sense.We don't know where to turn with this -- do we need to talk to the Department of Human Services, an attorney, the hospital administration?Please someone help point us in the right direction.    This is unbelievable to me.    I don't know how such little value can be put on a life."
"58"&&&"post_4397231"&&&"i have been the care giver to my husband for 3 years, leukemia. i ahev to small boys under the age of 5.i feel like i do not do a thing for me.i am in a chronic bad mood.i am tired.help!"
"59"&&&"post_4775901"&&&"i was wondering if anyone knew why at the end of ones life their ear lobes crease and why exactly their legs mottle??"
"60"&&&"post_5057669"&&&"Ok so my question is I just filled out the application for Medicaid to pay for a personal care attendant in my home.    And I was wondering how long this usually takes because I need one ASAP and I am having surgery next week won't be able to walk, take a bath, prepare meals or drive basically.    So I was wondering how long it takes usually?    I'm a physically and mentally disabled individual."
"61"&&&"post_4999039"&&&"My 81 year old father lives with us and I am the full time caretaker. The past year has been challenging to say the least.My father has end stage lung disease and recently has experienced some mild to moderate heart failure. He has severe spinal structural issues that has resulted in back pain. He is prescribed Oxycontin and oxycodone for break through pain. He has been referred to the Hospice Program that should begin tomorrow. Apparently the only pain medication they will approve is Morphine which my father feels is a drug used to \"kill you off.\" He may actually refuse Hospice based on that fact alone.Has any one had experience with Hospice? Good or bad? Pros and cons? Any information and input would be greatly appreciated.Thank You,Tuck"
"62"&&&"post_4818888"&&&"I know that there are ppl that require oxygen that still travel. That said this is my dilemma.In several months we are planning to spend at least the winter in another state approximately a 26 hour drive from where we currently reside. We are taking my father who is in the end stages of lung disease and requires continuous oxygen. Dad is refusing to fly. Even if he would fly I have been told that the airlines will not allow oxygen on the plane.We can not possibly take enough oxygen containers in our vehicle to last the at least 3 day drive. We could make the trip faster but he can not tolerate more than six maybe seven hours of travel a day.His oxygen supply company claims he is not a candidate for their small travel concentrators. They refuse to allow us to take the large rental one out of state which would not be feasible as we traveled anyway but would offer night time oxygen as well as oxygen upon our arrival. So than what, once we arrive at our destination we must urgently find a physician that will prescribe oxygen for him....or make a trip to ER?What am I not getting? This can't be an impossibility in this day and age. I have asked these questions of his Home Health Care Providers and his rural Physician, no one can come up with a solution. Can anyone direct me or provide me with some ideas?Thank You,Tuck"
"63"&&&"post_4821929"&&&"Where can I find assistant living in my area for a loved one....either live in care...or assistant living where she could live in a close knit community that helps with food, medicine, etc. She is not elderly but she is disabled....Please help!"
"64"&&&"post_4797801"&&&"My little sister who is 51 gong on 91 is currently in acute care hospice care in Salt Lake City Utah.She calledme last night and put her phone down so I listened to her gasp and cry for about five minutes.Then I hear her old boyfriend telling her he loved her and she calling him names between gasp then the line went dead,This morning at 5:20 she calls and asks me wy she is in the hospital    between gasps for air.What do I do?"
"65"&&&"post_4665174"&&&"My husband has had many labels put on him since he has begun the process of eliminating opiate and dexedrine use. They have labeled him as manic, skitzophrenic, bi-polar, depressed etc. He has been given meds for all these symptoms. He is showing absolutely no signs of getting better. He is 72 yrs old.Within 4 yrs he has gone from a very physical person to someone I don't know. He's difficult to talk to, he seems to be on the edge all the time and the least little thing upsets him.He has started so many projects only to discover that he can't do it. So things sit and are piling up. He wanted to put crown molding in the office (do it yourself kinda guy) only to realize that he won't be able to do it. We are taking back tools that he bought and supplies to the store for a refund.My house was a place of refuge for me. I like an orderly environment (not obsessive though), just organization. Right now we painted the office and I am sitting in the middle of it using a banquet table for my pc with plastic sheeting everywhere. It's driving me crazy. We can't put anything together because we need to hire someone to replace flooring. It's just chaotic.My question is how do you live with someone who is delusional, manic, skitzophrenic, etc, etc? The conversations around here are minimal to say the least and then when we do talk ......it's just weird.I do have to say that I'm glad that I just joined Celebrate Recovery at my church. I think it will be good for me and my husband. He's in another class from me so that's good.Is anyone else going through this with a spouse? Can you share any insights or tips or anything?Frustrated to the max!"
"66"&&&"post_5338056"&&&"There is not a lot of activity on our Caregivers Forum. Maybe it's because we have not been \"found.\" Maybe it's because we are so busy care-giving we don't have time to post. Whatever the reason I hope we can raise some interest and activity in our community. This forum is designed to provide support and information for all Caregivers Let's see if we can do just that.So here's a poll. I hope you will find the time to participate.I care for my terminally ill 81 year old father. I also provide care for my 77 year old mother 50-60% of the time.    Who do you care for?Warm Wishes,Tuck"
"67"&&&"post_5476480"&&&"I'm new to dealing with dementia, so I'm wondering how many people see the same thing I'm seeing in my Mom.    She doesn't understand time anymore.    She'll nod off for a few minutes or take a nap and wake up in a panic thinking a whole day has passed with no attention or food.    Mom really believes she has been dumped in a home and ignored by the staff, even if they just left the room 5 minutes ago.    Is this problem with the passage of time common with dementia?Mom was tripping out on her lunch ticket today.    She sat there reading it aloud, and what she read was NOT what was printed on the paper.    She believes it's a note from some florist who won't deliver her flowers because she's allergic to lilies.    \"See?    It says so right here!\"    I'm flummoxed.    My mother has always been a huge reader and always felt the worst thing that could happen to her would to lose that ability.    It breaks my heart that she seem to be losing the one joy she had left in life.    Is it common for dementia patients to actually \"see\" something on paper that doesn't exist?I guess I'm trying to prepare myself for the changes that are coming faster and faster."
"68"&&&"post_5124663"&&&"I need precise instructions on how and how often to change a colostomy bag"
"69"&&&"post_5252235"&&&"I lost my mother last week. She has been living with me for the last seven years after my father passed away. She seemed to be doing well for an 89 year old, when suddenly one night she developed acute abdominal pain . Shifted her to ER and they diagnosed her with intestinal obstruction.Put her on IV fluids but was not subjected to surgery.She passed away after 6 days.There are a lot of questions that are haunting me and making it very difficult for me to accept her death with this cause. She had had no surgery ever except a surgery to her leg because a year ago she had femur fracture.How can she develop obstructions in intestine so suddenly?Anyone having any answers please tell me."
"70"&&&"post_5445318"&&&"I am past all patience with my mother who has spent the last two days on the couch because she can't walk and refuses to use a walker.    My name is on her credit card and money is not an issue, so I'm looking for a motorized chair.    I'm certain any of her doctors will help us order one, but I'm not sure how the process works.Since Mom insists on remaining alone and independent, it's past time to make her home safer - whether she likes it or not.    I'm trying to prepare myself for the impending non-stop verbal abuse that is on the horizon.    I should be used to it by now...I'm looked at the scooter store and the hoveround.    Mom is tiny: 5 feet 2\" and only 93 pounds (up from 85 a few months ago but dropping again).    There are a couple of trouble spots in the house.    I don't think the bathroom doorway will be large enough.    It doesn't accomodate her small wheelchair or walker (that she won't use anyway).    She also has an island kitchen that makes for a tight squeeze in two areas.I suspect the longer, narrower scooter could navigate these areas, but I see two drawbacks.    One, it's not as stable as the chair; two, she really needs more back support than the scooter provides.Any suggestions or recommendations?"
"71"&&&"post_5442472"&&&"My 76-year-old mother is destroying her life as well as mine and my siblings.    Her coping method with any medical problem has always been to ignore it, treat with over-the-counter meds and finally deny its very existence.    Last year she became ill enough that she was forced to face her numerous medical problems, which are:1.    Severe scoliosis and spinal stenosis.    Her right hip is several inches higher than the other.    She postponed surgery for so many years that the neurosurgeon doubts he can help her.    The discs from L1 through T5 are crushed to the point that they obscure her spinal cord on the MRI films.    As predicted, Mom is now becoming incontinent and can barely walk more than a couple steps.    Now she won't eat for fear of not making it to the bathroom, but denies the problem to medical professionals.2.    Uncontrollable stomach and duondenum bleeding.    She has hundreds of aterio-venous malformations (AVM) that require 2 units of packed cells to be transfused roughly every two weeks, more or less.3.    Self-medicating with over 20 advil a day resulted in a destroyed stomach lining, about which nothing can be done.4.    Abdominal aortic aneurysm recently discovered on a pre-op x-ray.    That and low hemoglobin right after a transfusion resulted in cancelation of the surgery.4.    Just enough dementia to result in shrieking outburst if anyone says something she disagrees with - which is just about anything.My father died in 1994 which forced both of my parents to finally prepare a will.    After his death, my mother saw an attorney and updated her papers.    She purposely left out a general power of attorney.    I was already noticing signs of dementia at that time.    The one piece of paper we need to help her has tied our hands completely.    Because Mom cons the doctors into believing her fairy story that she can live alone independently, (despite the family trying to inform them otherwise) she is human wreckage dying alone in her own filth.Mom refuses to allow us to help in meaningful ways.    She can't get in and out of the bathtub and refuses to allow any alterations to her home to improve her hygiene and mobility.    She refuses to use a walker and has fallen several times because she can't feel her feet.    She can't stand long enough to even prepare microwave foods and her diet is atrocious despite family members bringing her food.    In a nutshell, Mom cannot face the fact that she is incapable of caring for herself, and won't allow any improvements in her sitution because that would mean acknowledging how very ill she really is.Ten days ago Mom shrieked that she had to go to the hospital because she couldn't eat, walk and was incontinent.    No sooner do we see the triage nurse than she denies the problems.    She was admitted because she needed a transfusion, and could have had her back surgery had she remained in the hospital long enough.    But no.    The next day she screamed and yelled and demanded to go home.    Apparently Mom checked out AMA.The next day we discover Mom's hemoglobin down to 7.8.    She had already bled out the entire transfusion and then some.    Back to her usual out-patient place for another transfusion which took me 3 more days to set up.    In the meantime, Mom is bleeding to death.    I managed to get her cardiologist to look at the x-ray while she was getting transfused.    When he went down to talk to her, he wanted to admit her for further evaluation of the aneurysm.    BOOM!    Mom threw a fit of epic proportions.    I got my brother and sister to meet me at the hospital and we asked for a psych consult - again.    Again, the hospital refused.    This time saying Mom had to be an inpatient for several hours before calling in a shrink.    We called social services and were informed that we could not infringe on Mom's civil rights even though her irrational decisions are killing her in front of our eyes.    She suggested we report her to Adult Protective Services.I spent all afternoon last Saturday writing a 9-page report to APS.    The State moved quickly - I'll give them that much, but when the shrink showed up at her house he said her dementia wasn't bad enough to remove her rights.    That was my last attempt.    I don't know what else to do.    Mom won't allow an aide to help her.    The one time I arranged for one Mom fired her the first day.I am disabled myself, and because I don't work I am the default caregiver.    I have to fight both my mother and her numerous doctors and the medical system in general to keep her alive.    The stress is literally killing me now.    I can't sleep, grind my teeth unconsciously to the point of migraines, and now add skyrocketing blood pressure and chest pain to the mix.    I'd probably be dead by now if it weren't for my pain shrink.    Last weekend I tried to take a break from it all and told my siblings that I was unplugging my phones.    They thought it was such a good idea they did the same, leaving Mom completely alone and hysterical for two days.    I got to deal with the fallout.Has anyone else been in a situation like this and had their hands completely tied?"
"72"&&&"post_5397435"&&&"My other post had to due with the difficultly in obtaining written narcotic prescriptions for my father on a timely basis. I thought it couldn't get worse...but it did.Last week the Hospice RN called my father's PCP with a request to refill his two narcotics. She called me to say they were at the front desk of the clinic and I could pick them up. So as usually I obtained the SEALED envelope and delivered it to the pharmacy unopened for refill. They all know me and my husband by first name because Hospice will only approve prescriptions for 15 days so we are there often.My husband went to pick up the narcotics that evening and there was only one RX. The pharmacy claimed that was all that was in the SEALED envelope.    So the nest morning I called the office because our Hospice RN was off for the day. The refill nurse was initially rude but said she would call back after she had \"investigated\" the situation. True to her word she called me and apologized for the error. She said the RX was signed and waiting for me at the front desk.So later that day I went to pick it up. You guessed it, it wasn't there. It was Friday and the office would soon be closed and my father would be out of pain medication for the weekend. I recounted my story to the receptionist and she said, \"It's not here.\" I asked her please to check on it. After a 20 minute wait the physicians nurse appeared with a journal in her hand. The area was filled with about 15 other ppl. She was very loud and sarcastic and pointed to her opened journal and said, \"You're NOT getting another prescription. They were both written on the 10th. Do you UNDERSTAND, you are not getting another one!!!\"I had only 3 hours of sleep again. I had been holding my father upright so he could breath better and I was exhausted . I lost it and loudly said, \"Do YOU UNDERSTAND that you have made the mistake. Don't accuse me of stealing the sh"
"73"&&&"post_5419370"&&&"MedHelp is offering another free one-hour live health chat. I hope you will attend this chat and feel free to ask any questions.Here's the information...\"Keeping Seniors Safe and Independent\"http://www.medhelp.org/health_chats/register/42Are you wondering about how you or someone you know can live safe and independent at any age? Then, log on to the \"Keeping Seniors Safe and Independent\" healthchat. Get answers to your questions for FREE during this hour-long live chat with Bridget A. Hewitt,RN.Address:http://www.medhelp.org/health_chats/register/42See you there.~Tuck~"
"74"&&&"post_5463721"&&&"http://www.caregiver.org/caregiver/jsp/home.jspThe above link has a ton of information for caregivers.    One article on how to deal with a patient with dementia was particularly helpful to me.    The organization is in California, so the social services links pertain only to that state.    This is not a web site you want to skim over.    Take your time and wander through the various articles.    You just might find something to help your own situation.    :-)"
"75"&&&"post_5416551"&&&"I have been taking care of someone for over a year now. I have very small hands but this person insists this is not the reason for the way I seem to not be able to do the suppository right. He is not mad about it, and sometimes I am able to make him go.Can someone please give me tips on how to insert them correctly so I can get him to go to lessen this process and relieve his bloating?"
"76"&&&"post_5299378"&&&"Why would my hands be discolored. I was with friends that are nurses and they noticed. They a blue/green tint. Also what type of doctor would be recomended for this."
"77"&&&"post_5206830"&&&"I care for my terminally ill father in my home with the help of Hospice. Getting his MD to prescribe his narcotics on time and correctly is next to impossible. I don't know if it is his nurse that continually makes these errors or drags her feet but it is very frustrating. On the 23rd the Hospice RN called his office (from my home so I heard every word) to request refills and add a new liquid form of pain medication. When I went to pick this up only the new liquid medication was ordered and none of his usual refills were ordered. This is at least the fourth time this or something very similar has happened.Nothing could be done over Christmas as no one was available. So today I had to call the on-call Hospice Nurse to try and obtain a prescription that will at least cover my father till Monday. Of course his MD was not available. The on call MD refused to order anything until the on-call RN made a personal visit to our home. The on call MD would still not order my father's oxycontin but he did order the oxycodone. So now I will have to juggle his meds to try and give him coverage for the next 48 hours. These were not early refills. Every tablet is accounted for.Care-giving is challenging as it is without adding an MD that is not willing to do his part. Has this happen to anyone else? If so how have you handled it? Any suggestions?Thank You for any and all input,Tuck"
"78"&&&"post_5245783"&&&"Does any company make a Hoyer type lift that would slip under a bed and swing over the bed to the side, so that when the patient is lifted from a chair they entire lift arm could be easily pushed over the bed?"
"79"&&&"post_5245775"&&&"I am buying a Hoyer lift to help move my father, who has a fractured femur/hip, from wheelchair to bed.     Can someone point the URL to the manufacturer?     I did a Google search and I am finding many resellers but not the manufacturer."
"80"&&&"post_5202968"&&&"Hi,We're pleased to announce Tuckamore as your new Community Leader in the Caregivers Community.    Tuckamore has been a terrific contributor to the community, and we're thrilled she has accepted this role. Please give her a warm welcome, as we look forward to working with Tuckamore and your entire community.CherylMedHelp Community Mgr"
"81"&&&"post_5202902"&&&"I just wanted to take this moment to wish you all a very Happy Holiday.For many of us Caregivers this time will be extra challenging. I found my 81 year old stout and proud and terminally ill father in tears last night. I immediately hugged him and asked, \"What's wrong?\"    He responded, \"I'm homesick, you just wouldn't understand. It's worse at Christmas.\" I did my best to comfort him.He has me and my husband of course. But gone is his wife, parents, friends and most of his siblings. I think that is what \"Homesick\" means to my father. A longing for the way thing were and the ppl that were in his life. How very difficult it must be for all of our elderly loved ones to feel \"Homesick\" at a time when many of us are so joyous.We Caregivers have even more to do in an attempt to fill those lonely hearts during this time of the year. Hang tight to those you love and care for, especially those that are \"Homesick\". Put a little extra love in their stockings. Cook up some old favorites. Walk down memory lane and don't forget to reach out and hug them...often.And From Emily Dickinson:Death leaves Us homesick, who behind,Except that it is goneAre ignorant of its ConcernAs if it were not born.Through all their former Places, weLike Individuals goWho something lost, the seeking forIs all that's left them, now --Have a Blessed Holiday.Peace and Love to All of You,Tuck"
"82"&&&"post_5179744"&&&"Hello everyone,II don't know much about care giving from my end. I've talked with many people who have to face it and deal with it and I can give them lots of suggestions from my own training and studi. It seems almost endlesss the ideas we can come up with to help.But now, with my husband usually in deep depression and myself fluctuating from low to average I am finding even thinking of how ro cope an impossible task. I know it's part of the illness but I keep seeing myself giving so much advice and now, when I have to do it, there's nothng there.I'm not sure if I just burnt out over the years, working and dealing with hubby's problems but it seems that, suddenly, I've got nothing.Any thoughts please? Any help appreciated."
"83"&&&"post_5176971"&&&"I care for my 81 year old father in my home that has an end stage disease. Thankfully he has out lived all the \"time left\" predictions.    No medical professional thought he would make it till this Holiday Season.His wife and friends have passed. His children other than me are not close, either in miles or otherwise. He has a few siblings left but they all live hundreds of miles aways and are also elderly, one is even in a nursing home. All he really has is my husband and I. I see his sadness or melancholy.He's lost his appetite and nothing seems to spark his interest. He does continue to crochet but that's about it.    My question is how do I make this, probably his last Christmas special for him?Thank you all for any suggestions.Tuck"
"84"&&&"post_5530660"&&&"HiMy mother-in-law has been diagonised with CBGD. My father-in-law is taking care of her right now. She is mroe or less fit excpet for the fact tht she falls down often and has speech problems. Her memory is almost unaffected. My husband is their only child and we are staying out of the country now. We wont be able to go back now. What do you suggest for the caregiver? What should be our attitude towards her? She often threats my Father-in-law that she wil commit suicide, she doesnt want to live anymore. She is 53 and under medication. Please advice.    Thanks a lot in advance!"
"85"&&&"post_5694587"&&&"Yesterday after the funeral service we followed the hearse to lay the shell that carried my father's soul and spirit for 81 year to rest. I earlier said that this was the hardest thing I ever did.....and indeed it has been. Dad has been so much a part of me and my life. I looked after him since 1995, saw him through a difficult and long death if his second wife and in 2003 he came to live with us.Over those almost eight years my dad's health declined and I became his Caregiver. It was a long and difficult role at times but something I am not sorry that I did. My dad lived a good life and ended his years where he wanted to be, in our home, which quickly became his home too.    The last many months were more than difficult but he never lost himself and always professed his love and gratitude for my love and care. He left me with many gifts than only a great father can leave their daughter.But this post is about Caregiving and not about my father or I. To all of you that care for loved ones, rather it's a grandparent, a parent, sibling, son or daughter, please know that in the end it is worth every moment that you sacrificed your needs over for their needs. Say the things that need to be said while you may; leave no stone unturned no matter how difficult it may seem at the time. The time will come that you will be glad you went there.There were moments that I doubted my choice to keep my dad at home...it was the greatest gift I could have given him...but again it was the hardest thing I ever did. I promise you that you will not be sorry for what you are doing. If you still have your Mom or Dad on this earth than please hug them today. Let them know how much you love them.God Bless each and everyone of you. I will be and am forever grateful for the time I had with my dad......and of course for all you support and kind words.Still....Mel's Daughter,~Tuck"
"86"&&&"post_5847402"&&&"Hello Fellow Caregivers,Recent discussions have left me wondering what you see as your largest challenge. Being a 24/7 Caregiver in itself is challenging. If you had to select one thing what would it be?I know that it may be difficult to select just one thing but please try. I am leaving a selection for \"other\" so you may share the challenge I may have over-looked. Sometimes I think these challenges get all meshed together and it is difficult to sort them out. As I began listing the them I realized how many there can be. I know there have been days that I have had many of these feelings surface.Please share with us your choice and than please take the time to post your thoughts. We are all in this together. As a unit, with support and understanding from one another and sharing of ideas and solutions we can help each other through this, the hardest thing I have ever done.In a week or ten days I will follow this poll with how you over came some of the challenges that we face. Following that poll I'll ask you about the joys and rewards that come from Caregiving, as I know there are many of those also. So please be thinking about those things.If you are in need of a hug today as we caregivers often are, here's one from me. (((HUG)))!Looking forward to hearing from you all.    Don't forget to Laugh whenever you can. :)    It helps our soul!~Tuck\"I always wanted a happy ending... Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it without knowing what's going to happen next. Delicious ambiguity.\"~Gilda Radner ~"
"87"&&&"post_5890491"&&&"I live and help my mom and dad who is suffering with the dreadful disease.    I try my best to keep things going.,    The problem is my bipolar is getting worse.    I don't know if it's because my hep c is causing other emotion feelings. like like the causing all these feelings I have this morning.    Being a caregiver is a big job - responsible for their meds, taking them doctors, hoping they don't fall, dealing with their angry and the memory problems. I've bee taking care of them since 2009.    I never know what's going to happen next.    Same with me.- this illness triggers my illness."
"88"&&&"post_5889887"&&&"Okay so my Dad has an accident the other day and ends up fracturing his shoulder but also had a bump on his head that warrented a CTScan which revealed an Aneurysm.    Which has really tore me up.    So they hospital sends him home (yes, that evening) and we wait and we wait... for the doctor to call to schedule appts for Dad.    So, in the meantime, I am at their house and notice Dad's feet are swelling and said to him that he should prop them up and my mom (who has always been my best buddy) says you need to quit being so bossy, he can take care of himself.    So, I bit my tongue and then after the doctor finally calls the day after the accident at 5 P.M. to tell us that he was going to schedule an appt. with the orthopedic doctor and that he felt the fracture needed to be dealt with first because the aneurysm wasn't a big deal (this doctor is my dad's cardiologist).    So, while he is telling my brother this on the phone, I ask Mom if we are going to get a second opinion considered this was coming from a cardiologist and that we should start looking for a good neurologist... wow, you would have thought I'd given myself over to the devil.... \"You need to quit telling us what to do, we are handling it, you are acting like a know it all\" and on, on... so I left... and it's been like that for the past 3 days.My brother lives 5 hours away and this weekend he and I and some friends were going to attend an event that I had been looking forward to for months.    At the hospital, my Mom says that I am really going to have to stay home and not go, which I said that was fine... I wasn't going to live either.    So, my brother had planned coming up yesterday and I thought well atleast he will come up this weekend... NOPE - He is going to the event and invited some of our family to go along. I guarantee that my family has told him that he doesn't need to come in, that they are fine... so why am I feeling so stressed out and overwhelmed with it all and he gets to live his life... I don't understand."
"89"&&&"post_5498696"&&&"My Dad is 84 years old and still drives. We think he is a hazzard on the roads, as his reaction time is so very slow and he panics so easily.    Do you think we could speak with his doctor about this?    My concern is can the doctor even speak with me about this, without my Dad's permission?    Is there any agency to whom we should report him, although I would HATE to \"turn him in\" - I know it's just a matter of time before someone gets hurt.HELP"
"90"&&&"post_5625635"&&&"My wife and I have been raising out 4 yr old grand daughter since Sept 2008. She was 2 yrs old at the time. In april 2009 she was dianosed with ostrea Sarcome(Bone Cancer). We were devestated, and we were really torn with deseasons that we were having to make almost immediately. She treatement plan was to go through Chemo for 34 weeks, and have her left leg amputated in 10 weeks. My wife kept working throught all of this and I was the care taker who would spend 5 - 6 days and nights at the hospital. My wife would come at the evenings and spend the weekend threre. During all of this, I was taught to do things that the nurses were trained to do. Things that were paingful to our grand daughter. But I did them reguardless, because it was the right thing to do. Our granddaughter hated me for this. Verballly and physically. Most of the time she would tell me to leave and that I was mean. Over time it really got to me that I just wasnted to quite. But I love her and could not stop. We have been home now since January. She still continues to see me as the bad guy. Most other times she loves me and loves to play with me. Still I want to run and give up. The real problems is that my wife is the opposite. She allows her to do things that I say no too. This makes our grand daughter see me as what he says doesn't matter. Grandma will give me that. I'm mad at both Grandma and granddaughter. I've read that younger children will do things because they don't understand. That we are supposted to respond with a positive answer, and explain to them why we are doing it. But the hurt and angry that she throws at me really hurts. I feel like I've stopped my life to take care of her and she owes me. That really sounds bad, But that's how I feel. Don't get me wrong, I would do it all over again if I had to. I love her to pieces and if God or whoever could give me her issues, I would take them in a minute. she is too young to have to go through what she is going through.I'm very tired. We spend 5 days a week driving 30 minutes each way to doctors appt. Usually 1 to 2 hours at the appointment. Then 30 min back. Not to include getting her dressed and breakfest. Then I take her to school, Then I go to work and work 8 hours. There is not enough hours in a day, and not enought days in a week. I'm very tired.I'm just complaining. Looking for someone out there with simular issues, and maybe some suggestions on how I can handle life alittle betterThanks for listening. Share this:Facebook Myspace Twitter Member Comments (3)"
"91"&&&"post_5823700"&&&"Please join Dr. Bruce Crawford and SherrieP (CL Urogynecology) in our one-hour long, free health chat entitled:Bladder Control: How to Avoid a Nursing HomeThursday June 24, 2010, 3:00-4:00PM (EST)Here's the link to register for this health chat.    You can submit your question ahead of time, and we'll send you an e-mail reminder.Link to Register:http://www.medhelp.org/health_chats/register/48Urnary incontinence is such a common female health issue, we may all be aware of, but few of us know about any of the specifics like what causes it, what to do about it, or the impact it could have to us down the road."
"92"&&&"post_5792594"&&&"Ok, I'm not really sure where to start so here it goes.With in the past 3 months my family has been through the ringer. We found out that my father-in-law, my biological father, my aunt, and my uncle had cancer. Then there's my other dad who has something like cancer in his foot that is making him have to think about amputation.Sadly we lost my uncle a week and a half ago and my aunt has all but given up.My question is with everything that is going on depression has been running through the rest of my family like wild fire. I am trying to be there for everyone but am not sure how exactly to do it.    I feel like the world is crumbling beneath me sometimes.If anyone has any advice or suggestions PLEASE!!!! Anything will be appreciated.THANK YOU IN ADVANCE!!!!"
"93"&&&"post_5789094"&&&"My family needs help. My grandfather had a stroke 6 weeks ago. It was not massive and the doctors thought we a few weeks of rehab he would be able to go home. They moved him to a reahab place. He has trouble with his left side but knows us all and talks to us. They had some trouble with blood pressure and heart rate but reworked his meds and that is all fine. But he completely refusses to eat at all, and won't rehab. He is very mean at times. He complains that everything taste terrible even water. He says he feels like he is going to through up, but he never has. He has lost 30 lbs in 5 weeks. We don't knwo what to do. Every 5 days or so he will have a good day and eat somthing and we are encourged then the next day nothing...We tried everything we know. Has anyone else delt with this?? How can we get him to start eating or trying to get better?"
"94"&&&"post_5662928"&&&"Hi.    I'm one of the Co-CLs over at Dysautonomia and I've been kind of struggling with issues of guilt over my relationship with my \"Mr. McDreamy.\"    Though some of the caregiver stress of taking care of me has been lifted off of him since I got home healthcare, I guess I anticipated that the home healthcare would be this total solution to him having to take on so much caregiving responsibility and well, now that reality is here ... not exactly.    We're a young couple (early 30s) and don't really have any role models as to how to balance this whole caregiver business with a healthy relationship.Can anyone here give me some ideas of ways that I can really show how much I appreciate everything he does for me, as well as the mere fact that he \"hangs in there\" through all the tough times like all-nighters at the hospital and terrifying medical emergencies and what have you?    I feel so guilty sometimes that it's not \"fair,\" and I'd like to have some perspective from other caregivers on what I can be doing to make his life better and to make our relationship better."
"95"&&&"post_5667582"&&&"Hi, my Mom passed at 9:25 PM.    Now I just have my sister to care for - brain damaged at birth."
"96"&&&"post_5667871"&&&"As I write this it is 6AM. Suddenly I awoke at 1:30AM knowing something was not right. I quickly checked on my father. He was in his bedroom doing his nebulizer treatment that is scheduled at 6AM. I went to his side and he was confused, thought it was five after six. He was hot and was experiencing more than usual shortness of air.I took his temp, 101.4. I quickly got his Anacin and liquid oxyfast and waited for them to kick in. He refused to lay down as if by laying in bed he was giving in or giving up. So I sat next to him and let him lean against be as I held him. After an hour it was apparent that he was not improving. I called for my husband and he took my place holding dad as I called the on call Hospice RN and turned on the coffee. Of course there is nothing that Hospice can do, nothing anyone can do at this moment as I am following dad's wishes.I now have him propped on his side with pillows, the head of his bed is elevated. Between my husband and I we are at his side. I have taken a break as the tears have come, uninvited and roll down my checks. They just won't seem to stop.Daylight has come. I don't know what lies ahead for dad. It has been raining since I awoke at 1:30. It's as if the heavens are crying with me.I hope I have covered everything and I hope I am making the right choices. I once again asked dad if he wanted to go to the hospital. They may be able to slow this process or who knows maybe even reverse it for a short time. But dad has made his wishes clear on numerous times before this day and repeated them again to me this morning, \"I want to stay here.\" ...and than he added, \"If it's not to much trouble for you.\"    My Lord how could my dad be any trouble? And I assured him he was not.    And I told him for the millionth time, I love you.I will not be on MedHelp much today. If you are so inclined please say prayers of comfort.Mel's Daughter,~Tuck"
"97"&&&"post_5637918"&&&"I'm new to this page, have been looking after my wife for 25 years who suffers from psychotic depression, had to give up work and be a full time carer 6 years ago."
"98"&&&"post_5639429"&&&"Any one with their spouses with MS 24/7?He's not demanding but you feel on call 24/7, just waiting."
"99"&&&"post_5516310"&&&"My brother, sister and I have to have a dnr put in place; my Mom is getting weaker and not eating.    Its kinda hard to do these things.    The state sent us a court date last week to get a guardian for her and have someone handle her $.    Aahhhh!    Sorry to dump on you!"
"100"&&&"post_5567273"&&&"Sorry, I meant caregivers not caretakers in the previous question."
"101"&&&"post_5567258"&&&"Are there any MS caretakers around?"
"102"&&&"post_5567661"&&&"I just wanted to make you all aware that MedHelp has another Senior Health Chat scheduled. If you enjoyed our last one please make sure to join us again. For those of you that may have missed our last Health Chat please don't miss this one. It will again be very informative for seniors and their families and friends.Keeping Seniors Safe and IndependentTuesday Apr 20, 2010, 05:00PM - 06:00PM (EST)This hour long chat will be live although you will have an opportunity to submit your questions in advance. The chat will be conducted by Bridget Hewitt, RN. It will directed at Senior Safety and is of course FREE. What a nice MedHelp Member amenity.Here's the link for more info:http://www.medhelp.org/health_chats/register/44We'll look forward to your participation. Please mark your calenders and join us.~Tuck"
"103"&&&"post_5508177"&&&"Mom passed away this morning at 4:00 am - on her 77th birthday.    She was getting nothing but worse by the hour at Vosswood Nursing Center, and I blame them for many things that made the last days of her life miserable.    Even after a stern family meeting and ragging on them daily, they didn't act.    No regular hemoglobin checks, no visit from their doctor, and pressure sores all over her feet and tailbone after not even two weeks under their tender mercies.Had we not called an ambulance to take Mom to the hospital yesterday, none of us would have had a chance to say goodbye.    The paramedics reamed out the nurses wanting to know when the last time was \"ANY of you saw her NORMAL!\"    They couldn't answer because they haven't been checking on her.    Mom was bleeding to death and they kept insisting her hemoglobin had gone UP.    No way.    The wouldn't retest until the got new orders and naturally wouldn't call to get them.I am so angry right now I can hardly contain myself.    I alternate between wanting to bash heads and crying my eyes out."
"104"&&&"post_5538310"&&&"I am now taking care of my mother who is at stage 4 colorectal cancer,and has started chemotherapy last week.We only found out 10 weeks ago and she had surgery 3 days after we saw the surgeon and he told us the news.Somedays i look at her and i cant believe that she isnt going to be around for long,as she is very upbeat and happy.I dont know if this is for my benefit,but she tells everyone except me that she worries about how im am going to cope with it all.She also worries as i have my own health issues and that having her here with me is too much for me.for the past 2 years she has been housebound due to a car accident,and in and out of hospital and many operations. I bought her home last week to live with me,and she is enjoying all the activity and noise around here. I am the only one she has to depend on,as i dont have any brothers and sisters to help me.I dont even know why i wrote all this anyway thats my story........................."
"105"&&&"post_6166835"&&&"Sis was diagnosed with Ovarian Cancer Stage IIIc August 2007. I flew from MI to TX for surgery, recovery, first chemo treatments, stayed 2.5 months. Of all her friends, only two take her to chemo treatments. As for a caregiver, I'm \"it\". She has no children, and our parents and brothers are deceased. I have made subsequent trips when she needed me.    She is 50 and her CA125 numbers are climbing again--rapidly. Oncologist has her on estrogen blocker this time, as no tumors detected on CT scan, no symptoms, and is weary of months and months of chemo (3 recurrences).    Her employer has been wonderful, and she is still working, mostly from home.I have Bipolar Disorder II, managed caregiving pretty well in the past, but worry that I won't be able to give her the quality of care she needs next time. I love her so much and am terrified of losing her. The best I can do now is long phone conversations 4-5 times a week (we've been Phonezillas even before cancer). We've started 3 way phone conversations at her appointments. It helps to be as present as possible and ask her oncologist questions and listen to what she says to her doctors. Internet searches have yielded no results for sole caregivers from a distance. Is there anyone else out there?Any advice is most appreciated."
"106"&&&"post_6241319"&&&"I have a 31 yr. old son that is very mentally ill plus he has substance abuse problems. I have been taking care of him during the last 10 mths. He has been hospitalized 4 times since December. Weeks at a time hospitalizations. And just this past Friday night I had to call 911. My son was heavily drinking. Police spent 2 hrs. doing an intervention. They were so amazing with him. Finally get him in the ambulance and about 8 hrs. later hospital is calling me to get my son. They did not keep him. I have had my son in counseling, group therapy and he has been on so many different meds. Nothing improves with him. But, this is not something new with my son. I have been struggling with his issues since a young teen. He is bipolar to the extreme. Yet, sees things that are not there...such as demons. Talks to them as well. This comes and goes. Actually the mental health care system is a joke. I researched our mental health care in this country. We got a D rating in the United States. And I certainly believe it.I could write a book on the experiences with my son over the years. He even did 5 yrs. here in a Kentucky State Prison. And mainly it was due to him being mentally ill, not taking his meds etc. The prison he was in was the state mental/medical prison for Kentucky. And I am a strong believer in this. No prison should have care of the mentally ill. My son has been bad off before, but since getting out of prison, he is only far worse. Even the police said the other night, that jails and prisons are no place for the mentally ill. The police here in the town I live, take intervention classes for when they are called to a situation with the mentally ill. I commend them highly on how well they handle the situation with my son.But, what my post is about now is myself. I too am bipolar. But, to a much lesser degree than my son. I am bipolar type one .And I was stable and had been for some long time. Yet, going through all this with my son now, I am just so very tired body and soul. I am 53 and have health issues as well. COPD and high blood pressure.I have taken care of the terminally ill as well. I cared for my Momma some months while she was terminally ill with pulmonary fibrosis. Approximately 3 to 4 yrs. ago. She passed away 4 months after a lung transplant. She though was a sweetheart of a patient. Sure it tore my heart out to know my Momma would probably die. But, this with my son is so much harder. I love my son most dearly. But, I am to the point, that I feel a hospitalization is in order for myself now. I have been hospitalized 5 times for my mental illness. Mainly during depression episodes. And I have no one to help me with my son. I have a husband but he is my son's step-father. But, my husband allows my son to live with us. Not many men would put up with that I don't believe. I have 2 other grown children, but they are not able to handle their brother. They love him but they have lives of their own as well.I am just at ropes end pretty much. And this son is counting on me. Which I got to be there for him. But yet, at what cost to my mental health and physical health."
"107"&&&"post_6272747"&&&"my father is 74 and suffering from cardiac and diabetic problem with specially cervical nerve compression on c3-c4, 5-6 6-7 also.Last auguest28, 2010 I have checked his sodium and potasium level and I found that is hyponatrimic and his na+ level is on 116. I have tried all suggestion from here dr in india as it on my place. But still his na+ level is not coming at normal level.Presently his na level is 123 mmol/l. he is taking orally 5-8 gm pure salt    in water.some more deatils:weight 100 kgobeseliver and kidney function test is right.cbc reports are normal.urine out put nearly 4 literintake fluid : nearly 4 literspot urine sodium was last month: 35mmol/lsleep apnea is present due to obesitycardiac problem two year back doing angiography and there was bloackage in veins.no possible cabg due to diabetes and age.also suffering from chf , prsently edema on both legs.not moving due to            cervical compression.please suggest diagnosis test    and treatment.What should I do in this position.If you know some solution please tell me.I will thankful for it.thanks v"
"108"&&&"post_6261824"&&&"My 88 year old Dad has experienced over the past six weeks seven 'flu like' attacks that last for approximately 3 hours each.    No fever and no pattern, but he complains of 'flu like' symptoms and has difficulty talking when these attacks come upon him.    His blood pressure reading is high, (170 / 110), during the last episode which was this morning just after he awoke.    He tells me that the attacks are not getting any worse but he sounded pretty scared and was stuttering some over the phone this morning."
"109"&&&"post_6295444"&&&"Hello Members:I am happy to announce a helpful new feature. So often we have members asking for a recommendation for a physician or a clinic. MedHelp has designed a new feature to assist you in locating one.Find a Doctor is now live!    You can find this new feature on the top navigation bar under Experts \"Find a Doctor\".http://www.medhelp.org/find-a-doctorThis new feature is simple to use and allows you to search for a physician by name, specialty, location, etc.If you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask and I will do my best to respond to your inquiries. MedHelp proves once again that they are listening to our requests and needs. I am so proud to be part of this wonderful site!~TuckCommunity Leader"
"110"&&&"post_6259053"&&&"Protecting and ensuring the safety of elders is of prime importance for a home caregiver. However, many don√¢ Ä ôt stop to think about protecting themselves from injury. By protecting the caregiver, we also provide a safe and secure environment for such care.A solution to lessening caregiver injury rates while also improving worker preservation could be as simple as improving training for workers, researchers say. Instruction should focus not only on physical lifting and transporting methods, but also on strategies for dealing with erratic or aggressive residents, according to a team of investigators from Penn State University.√¢ Ä úIn our research, we saw a cascading effect,√¢ Ä ù Deirdre McCaughey, assistant professor of health policy and administration at Penn State, said. √¢ Ä úEmployees who had no training or did not believe their training prepared them well had three times more injuries. Those employees were also much less likely than non-injured employees to recommend their organization as a place at which to work or seek services.√¢ Ä ùThe study examined home health aids√¢ Ä ô work with long-term care residents and relied on data analysis from the federally funded 2007 national Home health Aide Survey-Researchers reported on findings at the 2010 Academy of Management Annual Meeting in Montreal. They are expanding their research to examine aides√¢ Ä ô roles and viewpoints. Operators who invest in √¢ Ä úsoft√¢ Ä ù resources, such as training, can realize benefits, McCaughey said. Employees who were trained had lower injury rates and lower turnover. Below are some of the most common injuries that occur to a caregiver, these injuries or contagious illnesses must be properly monitored and prevented.Common Caregiver InjuriesOne of the most common injuries experienced by a caregiver is back injuries. Other dangers include contact to needle sticks when caring for someone with diabetes or someone who needs managed injections, as well as blood-borne pathogens that may be controlled in saliva, urine, and blood. In addition, contact to infectious illnesses or diseases may also occur. Still, by far, the most common injuries among caregivers are those that involve the back, neck and shoulder joints."
"111"&&&"post_6028216"&&&"My mother is experiencing urinary incontinence.    She is in her mid-60s and has stage 4 emphysema.    Her incontinence used to occur only when she was having an exacerbation.    Over the past couple of years it has become daily, and she is now having accidents without realizing it.    She currently uses adult diapers, takes medicine (forget the name), and uses pads where she sits and in her bed.    She's still having frequent accidents, and our efforts to help her are hampered by her reluctance to discuss it.    I think she is also avoiding going to the bathroom because of the exertion it takes. I guess my question is, is there more we can be doing? Also, how common is it for seniors to not realize they've had an accident?"
"112"&&&"post_6255798"&&&"I have an 87 year lod woman who is my client.    She was given 2 flu shots this year. after the second shot she started showing signs of a side affect (we think from the flu shot). She has developed red blisters all over her back side on the lower part of her back on the left side of her body, and on the front side of her left thigh it is spreading to her inner thigh and her pubic area. They have risen to have pulse in them and they ae red.    My question is, is this possible and if not what is going on with her to have this type of situation going on.    I really hate this for her, it looks like some one has pourd hot water or hot grease on her."
"113"&&&"post_6200763"&&&"Hi all. I've only just found you. Can you not advertise your forum on other forums? Many of the people who post questions are caregivers but they're just asking med, condition type stuff. Anyway, writing from UK, have been looking after mum (90) for 13 years. Heart problems, blood disease, dementia, all the usual attendant difficulties.She never complains and is always thanking me. It makes me feel so bad because sometimes I'm thinking that did i really go to uni and go into a profession just to clean up wee and poo? Garden , ciggie, beat myself wth proverbial sticks and it doesn't feel so bad when i come in.i am so angry, so fuming, so frustrated and so helpless you cannot imagine. I feel like my head's about to blow apart.Firstly, we are ordinary people and have to rely on the authorities to give us help. I have carers to help me for a total of 3 hours a day and do the rest of the 21/7 on my own.Last week mum was rushed to emergency >resussitation. I had been up for    weeks, snatching sleep when i could. In the middle of this life and death activity, I was watching the stainless steel moving and the floor started rising towards me. I alerted a nurse before I collapsed.Mum now in hosp and I have been told it's enough now, I can't do it any more, it's too much for me. OK. I see that. I am mentally and physically exhausted. So i    asked the Community for more help. They were wonderful -    not.! more hour day and no night care atall! I'm devastated! I don't want my little mum to go into a nursing home, I can't bear the thought of it, but what can I do?    I haven't stopped crying for a week- I'm in bed re conking out - and haven't seen my mum. Plus, my sister's been to the hospital and they've mixes up all her meds. Can you imagine how I feel? I was on here for 3 hours last night writing to the hospital. I told them my mum does not need any help up the Stairway to Heaven thank you, she's in there so we'll have her a bit longer. They've given her aspirin even though i gave them a list in big red writing of all her allergies, Stopped her heart meds which keep her going, refuse to put sides on the bed and I nearly burst a blood vessel when I heard she'd fallen out of bed.So, anyone out there who can tell me how to cope with placing my little mum in care? also, anyone know any UK laws re. this joke of a *** hospital?And, whoever believes, please send me peaceful thoughts cos I am exhausted but the adrenalins going re. all the hosp stuff and i am so so agitated. Thanks in advance"
"114"&&&"post_6081429"&&&"Hi everyone.I am already a member here at Medhelp, however I am new to the Caregivers community. (Thanks Tuckamore!!)I am permanently disabled. My dad is 81 years old, has dementia, diabetes, copd, triple bypass, sleep apnea, chronic pneumonia, he aspirates his food, is    incontinent, oxygen dependent, has short term memory loss due to a coma last Thanksgiving, etc, etc. the list goes on and on. Last Thanksgiving he was in a coma, he had pneumonia and H1N1, he was placed on a respirator and was not expected to live.... but he pulled out of it! (his doctor said he has 10 lives... not 9!)He has no short term memory, so every thing is repeated all day, every day! He was in a nursing home after the hospital and between my mother, brothers and sister we ALL agreed that we could care for him at home if we all pitched in.... that was April! I find that I am the ONLY one aside from my mother who is taking care of him... and it's 24 hours a day! Even though I am disabled due to back and neck injuries, and I am on morphine 24 hours a day I have to sleep in a recliner in the living room because he will wake up at night and wander to the kitchen! He almost always doesn't have his walker, which he will fall down without, however since the walker was given to him AFTER the coma he doesn't remember it. I can't let him \"raid the refrigerator\" because he is a diabetic and often his blood sugar is over 200 with insulin!!I am upset with my siblings. My dad has been home since April yet I am the ONLY one here giving him care 24 hours a day! My mom is 79 and is starting to lose her hearing... she has trouble walking due to ankle problems, she wears braces on both ankles every day. Most recently I have found one of her pills on the floor, three times in two weeks!! She is forgetting things and she becomes angry with dad because he forgets his walker, (and for many other reasons, like the incontinence). She will yell at him and I feel so bad! I end up stepping in and telling her to take a break, now matter how tired I am!! So now it looks like I have to start caring for her also.I guess I came here for some moral support.... I don't know what else to say to my brothers and sister that will get them to realize that I am overwhelmed with all of this! I am thankful that dad survived and I am thankful that we could take him home to pass away. He is now doing better and his doctor said he \"looks better than he has in 10 years\" so I know I am doing a good job but I need a break!! I just know I won't get one!Thanks Tuckamore for letting me know that this caregiver world is here."
"115"&&&"post_6118159"&&&"My 89-year-old father is caring for his 60-year-old wife who is in the end stages of multiple sclerosis.    In addition to lining up Arizona government-based home care, meal delivery and anything else, I would like him to have a medical alert device, possibly a wrist band type.    He still drives, sometimes long distances, and does not carry a cell phone.Any advice on the best medical alert companies?"
"116"&&&"post_6001473"&&&"My husband has had a colostomy for 2 1/2 years.    He now has developed sores under the appliance.    He is being treated for a staph infection in his toenails and fingernails.    All of these problems have developed in the last 2 weeks.    He is diabetic and a heavy smoker.    I have tried the stoma power and a skin barrier with no improvement.    The hospice nurse has suggested to use mylanta on the sores.    Still no improvement.    Does anyone have any idea on what to do"
"117"&&&"post_6102641"&&&"Hello Fellow Members,Four New MedHelp Communities have just been added to our wonderful site. I wanted to share these with you. I am excited and proud that MedHelp continues to seek ways to help us connect and understand our medical conditions....as well as our pets.Here is the list of the new communities:RADIOLOGYLEUKEMIACHEMOTHERAPY andDOGSRadiology Community:http://www.medhelp.org/forums/Radiology-/show/905Leukemia Community:http://www.medhelp.org/forums/Leukemia/show/893Chemotherapy Community:http://www.medhelp.org/forums/Chemotherapy-/show/904Dogs Ask a Vet:http://www.medhelp.org/forums/show/884My Best to All of You,~Tuck"
"118"&&&"post_5996431"&&&"Somos dos hermanas preocupadisimas por la salud de mi 8 mami. Ella tiene 78 annos y una estenosis de lavalvula aortica que a ido en aumento y hoy en dia esta en 0,9 cmm2 y un gradiente de 49. Ella es saludable excepto por una hipertension que se la han venido tratando hace unos pocos annos atras.    No tiene mayores sintomas sin embargo tengo entendido que la unica solucion es la cirugia.    Como es el postoperatorio? ella va a estar bien? cuanto dura la operacion?    por favor quiero tener mas y mas y mas informacion.    leo bastante sobre esto en internet pero no encuentro mucho sobre los posperatorios.    Espero puedan ayudarme inclusive quienes han tenido experiencias con esto.    Gracias anticipadas por su atencion.Rebecca"
"119"&&&"post_6013188"&&&"I hope this is the correct forum for my question.    My father had two strokes in the last seven years.    I am an only child, so my mother and I take care of him.    He no longer works, but sometimes drives to buy groceries since it's close to home.    My question is -- how do you take care of someone who does not want to be taken care of?He is the most stubborn person I know.    My mother is a nurse, yet he won't listen to her when she tells him he needs to take his medicine or watch what he eats.    In 2003, he had his first stroke after basically eating the whole pie of Papa John's pizza.    We thought that would be his reality check.    Guess what?    It wasn't.Then 3 years ago, he had a second stroke.    Reality check?    No.    He still does not believe in doctors, nor medicine. He has diabetes, just like his father, grandfather, great-grandfather, etc.    He also has high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and arthritis.    He refuses to believe that his stroke was caused by anything else besides diabetes.He has also suffered from depression for years, even before the stroke.    He was married with two children before he met my mother. I'm sure that's one reason why he's been depressed all his life.    Not to mention he was the eldest of 8 children and had to leave school to work and take care of them.    He does not want to move in with his brothers and sisters (who are also retired but on the other side of the country), because of pride.Lately he's been having memory lapses after waking from naps.    We don't know if these are mini-strokes, or just part of the long-term effects of strokes.    Again, he is stubborn; he does not want to call his doctor about this.    He says he's fine, but I'm scared that one day something serious will happen to him.    Since I'm an only child, he's home alone whenever my mother's at work and I'm at work or class.    No one is there to watch him and make sure he takes his meds or doesn't overdose on them.    We worry that when he has his memory lapses, he'll overdose on the meds, not realizing he had already taken them.Please, if anyone could shed some light on how to deal with this, it would be greatly appreciated."
"120"&&&"post_5998002"&&&"Hello Members,Where has this summer gone? As you may know I am no longer a Caregiver. My dearest father went to his Heavenly Home on May 13th of this year. And yes, I miss him every day.As I am getting ready for my third mini-vacation since my dad's passing I think about all of you. Have you been able to get away for some rest and relaxation? It is so important that you do so.In the final months of dad's life I guilty succumbed to Hospice's insistence that I allow myself a Respite. I am so glad that I did. It gave me renewed strength as I returned to the 24/7 challenges and rewards of caregiving. I hope you are all able to do the same.I wanted to remind you that just a few nights away every few months is so important to your physical and emotional health. Taking care of the Caregiver is vital.In between those Respite times I found other ways to rejuvenate. An afternoon visiting a close friend, a few hours at the beauty salon, a quiet dinner with a loved one, a walk through a zoo or a short shopping trip for just you are things that can refresh you. I even made the trip to my local grocery store a special occasion. I browsed through new selections, tried their free samples and always bought new products. Often I found one for me and something for dad. It was always a special treat to see what I had managed to find at \"just\" the grocery store.What may help refresh you is a individual choice but I encourage all of you to do just that. Now with summer drawing to a close don't forget to take time to enjoy an outdoor activity or two.Be the best caregiver you can by talking care of you too.    PLEASE share with us what have you done or what do you do to refresh and renew?My heart goes out to all of you.Your Fellow Caregiver in Spirit,~Tuck"
"121"&&&"post_6712675"&&&"It's been nine months since I cared for my father. It seems like yesterday sometimes....and other times it seems like forever. The first few months following his passing I could barely come to this forum even though I have been a Caregiver all my life...my last was for my father.I just want you all to know that this forum is still active and monitored. Please feel free to post your concerns and questions.    Caregivers need all the support we can muster. You're a blessed group. :o)Blessings to All,~Tuck"
"122"&&&"post_6720410"&&&"do nursing homes take your ssi benfits for short term patients"
"123"&&&"post_6475443"&&&"how to care for ederly    senior, diaper rash, & soresHas skin irreatations..."
"124"&&&"post_6488222"&&&"Hi my name is Brooke I am 32 and I have been taking care of my grandmother for about 17 months now.    She as mini strokes and heart problems with moderate dimentia(dementia).    She has 4 kids who could only agree on one thing that they all wanted her in a nursing home but she said she didnt want to go so I move her in with me.    I have a small house though so we had to build her a suite as we lovingly call it.    She is still pretty self sufficient .    I make her meals, do her meds, her cleaning, all her bills and provide 24/7 care and monitoring.    The first issue was that I have 2 small children (10 and 5) and my husband makes 15k a yr so figurng out how to afford to provide round the clock care was a challenge,    After spending 200+ hours cleaning out her home of 50 years myself, we sold it and she said se wanted to pay me mothly to be home with her.    I am wondering do I claim it so if I need help (medicare) evetually I can get it or no?? I have done this alone for 17 months with no breaks and a now so anxious and sick that most days I feel I am losing my mind. Everyone is mad at me, and I feel so alone and while I love doing this for her    feellike I have lost a part of me.    I am depressed    -- I am a state certified CNA and have worked in the field for 5yrs before taking care of her.    Please help"
"125"&&&"post_6777016"&&&"does digoxin come in 0.0125mg"
"126"&&&"post_6551745"&&&"Hygiene can be a full time job when you work in the health industry.    I work as a caretaker and have used Febreze to help control sweat odors on things that I can√¢ Ä ôt launder (chairs, pillows, shoes, etc).    It√¢ Ä ôs been a lifesaving product for my nose and the noses of my clients!    I√¢ Ä ôm working with the new Febreze SPORT collection and it works even better on sweat odor √¢ Ä ì it is specifically formulated to find and eliminate sweat odors on shoes, apparel and gear:    http://on.fb.me/FebrezeSport"
"127"&&&"post_6579535"&&&"I have new respect for caregivers.    They have to deal with elderly trying to stand only to fall, trying to give them meds, changing diapers, trying to get them to drink or eat.    Thanks to them!!!"
"128"&&&"post_6581813"&&&"Hi thereMy mom is 50 and suffers from a disability. My step dad is her caregiver at his own doing. I do believe he enables her a bit. She keeps bringing up the fact that if my step dad passed before her I would have to be her caregiver, my husband and I would have to uproot our lives to take care of her. Literally demanding it. I am so upset and angry at her. Its not her choice. Its my choice. Its my life. I cannot live with her. What other options would I have? Low income is a problem as well. I am in Ontario.Thanks"
"129"&&&"post_6592060"&&&"if I were to take a potassium supplement, research says to take potassium chloride but all I can find OTC is the gluconate. I'm not a scientist, what's the difference? and is the gluconate ok for me to take daily?"
"130"&&&"post_6537528"&&&"Hi, I haven't been on for quite sometime.    I am caretaker for my 54 yr old sis who is brain damaged.    I find quiet time going to the library 1- 1 1/2 hrs/day 3x/wk to be really really good for me.    Sis talks constantly and laughs to herself."
"131"&&&"post_6436792"&&&"hi my father has a problem breathing,expieriences pain in all parts of the body,is in depression for last 25 years    on antidepressants for the same,weight loss.what could be the possible problem?"
"132"&&&"post_6436163"&&&"After having the doctor remove my husbands peg tube,it seems to be an extreme amount of liquid draining from the small hole. Is this normal, and for how long will this continue to leak at the rate it is going now?"
"133"&&&"post_6401174"&&&"Hello Members,I must tell you how sorry I am that I have been away from our forum for so long. Caring for my beloved father left me exhausted and losing him left me with over whelming and often consuming grief. Following his death I lost many close friends and family. It seemed never ending. And with every loss it brought back the pain of losing dad even more so.My husband and I continued our plan to winter in FL. So in addition to grieving I was busy getting our home ready to close up for the winter. Packing, cleaning and distributing many of my dad's belonging was a very huge challenge, especially as I suffer with chronic pain.Dad's been gone just six months and it seems like forever since I last hugged him. I miss him so deeply. So forgive me for saying once again to hug those you are Caregivers for..... every chance you get. Don't miss an opportunity to remind them how much you care and what a value they are and have been in your life. Make sure they know that they made a positive difference in the world and your life. It's important for them to know that they are worthy.And again don't forget to take care of you. In order to be an effective Caregiver you need to be healthy in mind, body and spirit. Thank you to all of you that are compassionate and caring enough to give of yourself and to be Caregivers.Bless you All,~Tuck"
"134"&&&"post_7198209"&&&"It has been a long road so far with my mom, to watch her in the last 6 years go from being a strong lady and my mom to weak and not knowing who she is, she no longer acts like my mom, in fact i have become her mom.it breaks my heart to see her like she is but i know i have to be strong and take care of her , i have had the Blessings of her living in my my home for the last 7 years so i got to sit and talk and learn alot about her and her childhood, we have had many good times together and now she needs me to help her throught the rest of her life. my dad also lives here with us and hes 77, not a easy job on him . he works 3 days a week just to get away and get his head together , its good to keep working it keeps you busy and with the worldmy mom has a lot of uti and they knock her off her feet. we visit the hospital alot now. shes not walking these days because her legs just stoped working not sure why.prayers for all that goes throught this. love your family"
"135"&&&"post_7232851"&&&"My mother is having surgery this Friday.    She is having a bursectomy,acromionangioplasty & surgery on her torn rotator cuff with a steel pin inserted.Does anyone know what the pain level after surgery is.    She is 81"
"136"&&&"post_7191442"&&&"I have cloudy vision in my right eye 1 year following cataract surgery. My right pupil is paralyzed"
"137"&&&"post_7179830"&&&"Hi there I have a concern, I have had this problem for at least 2 years may be more cant remmember how long exactly. Basically im a Male, 26, and live in a home. I have a problem with my bladder ie urinary since I went into a mental health hospital on section after trying to take my life. Ever since I was diagnose with depression, anixety as well I also have Pulmonry Valve Atresia (Heart Conditon), I also have learning disabilty as well which is mild. My sister died when she was 18 years old and hence my mental health problems kicked in. Back to the bladder problem, at night for about 2 years ive been having accidents at night and im embarresed to tell my staff and alsoi ive tryed everything I can think of ie even not drink so much before bed and during the day but then I struggle to swollow sometimes and scared thats why i drink alot of fluid. I empty my bladder before bed some times work sometimes dont. Just stuck in what to do and whats wrong with me? I have been to my local GP but they was rubbish and focked it off. I try telling the owners here but they said its because I drink too much which I do I try cutting down but because of my swolling problems im scared and worried! What shall I do? This is genuine and im not attention seeking or nothing like that so please dont be horrible about it, it took me guts to write this. Thanks any advice be appricated."
"138"&&&"post_7181445"&&&"Hi - Whom can I ask ophthalmology related questions ?"
"139"&&&"post_7127526"&&&"crawling bug sensation on my face and head what is the cause please"
"140"&&&"post_7124466"&&&"I am 39 with end stage cirrhosis. My wife has given me all the strength and courage I could ever need for the best recovery I can expect! All of you people here are so amazing. Thank you from my heart. God bless you all!Randy"
"141"&&&"post_7010908"&&&"my mom is 62 years old. she has difficulty in holding urine and at times stool. she is overweight. she has severe knee pain. not able to move much.leading a sedentary lifestyle.doesn't go out of the house much. kindly advice the actions that can help her and medical help."
"142"&&&"post_6928010"&&&"MedHelp is pleased to announce the opening of our new Physical Therapy Forum.    Questions in this new forum will be answered by John Gallucci Jr., MS, ATC, PT, DPT.    John is the Founder & CEO of JAG Physical Therapy, one of the premier physical therapy organizations in the northeast.You can find the forum here -http://www.medhelp.org/forums/Physical-Therapy/show/1122"
"143"&&&"post_7737656"&&&"My mother has lived with me for the paid 19yr and the last year she has a death wish. She wouldn't do anything for herself. About a month ago she was in the hosptial    but came home in 3 days.        I know she can't see or hear well and has a hard time walking without her walking.    The care center has sent over a wheelchair for her, so I can take her on walks.She wouldn't fix her meals like she did a few weeks ago or turn down her bed etc.    All she want to do is sit and have me do everything. I also    hand out her RX because she doesn't want to deal with it.She has help come in twice a week    and she hate's it.I don't know what more I can do. I WILL NOT    put her in a rest house.I have to add my mom is mean and bull headed and it's her way or no way.Thanks"
"144"&&&"post_7322648"&&&"I am a single parent and I am my sons caregiver.    My 19 year old son has been a c-4 ,c-5 quadriplegic for 4 years now. I am wondering if there is anyone out there careingfor a SCI patient?    Or anyone who is careing for their own child?    I can really use some help in trying to find some type of balance in all this.Any help or advice would be greatly appreciated."
"145"&&&"post_7654042"&&&"I am going to get a lot of flak on this, but I have hired aides (and fired thirty-eight of them over a four year people before finding people I could trust), and started out with some \"rules of the road\". I did not permit them to have second jobs. They were paid over the minimum wage, and got two hour breaks, and paid lunches. That being said I prohibited internet. This turned into a major issue. But I straightened things out from day one. There was cable television in the room they could watch with the patient. Or even read while they sat next to her.    I did not want them spending their day e-mailing or surfing the net. They are paid to be a companion. Not to be a computer programmer.    One of the rules was than when she was awake I wanted them in view of her at all times, preferably at her side holding her hand or wrist. Not tapping on a keyboard. I mention this because I can tell you it will become an issue if you let the use of the internet get started. Just two cents worth."
"146"&&&"post_7665970"&&&"I was tasked with assisting two elderly people who had great difficulty walking and had an apartment that had long hallways. I installed wooden handrails, just like they have on stairs along the side of every wall, so they could hold on as they walked. Fortunately the wall was wooden halfway up (the home was old and classical), rather than plaster. The look was quite pleasing. The bare wood shape is purchased from a lumberyard by the foot, stained and polyurethaned, and attached with brass fittings. You tend to think of handrails only for stairs, but you can put them on any wall. You could also use the stainless steel bars sold for use in the bathroom, however there is an aesthetic issue. If the wall is plasterboard or plaster the fittings have to be screwed firmly to the wooden vertical supports. It's a simple project requiring no greater skill that knowing how to use a paintbrush, electric drill, screwdriver and hacksaw that will undoubtedly help prevent a fall."
"147"&&&"post_7750061"&&&"my mother has a rare type of cancer called adenocarcinoma with spindle cell (sarcomatoid) differentiation. it all started in her pancrais, spread to her liver lungs and threw out her stomach. she got diagnois jan. 13 2012. today i sit across from her wishing we werent going threw this i am her care giver and it is soooo hard to put a smile on my face when i no i only have a few hrs to days left with her. this so breaks my heart. im losing my mother and haveing to see her in pain sometimes breaks me even more. i am 26 years old i still can not believe we are going threw this my brother told me today its not like he matters because i am who she yells for or wants. resured him she loves him its just ive been there takeing care of her since all this happened. i packed my bags a moved out from my husband and 3 children i bearley even see anymore. sad thing is all i can think about right at this moment is i wont have my best friend anymore and i feel so lost. so crushed i feel like i cant hold it together anymore everyone around me feels as though they are falling apart and are drinking which leaves me who doesnt drink to care for her 24 7 but that also has to do with she only wants me. life doesnt seem fair right now. and i can question god why hed take her away from me but he has his reasons just hope its a good one because thats my mother. i no words or anything anyone says wont make my pain go away but i just hope someone reads this and does what they can to make thier mother or ect. the happiest ever before they die. i hope my mother is proud of me which i no she is for what ive done for her. i no at times u want to scream back. but its the pain talking stand ur ground they are right we dont no what they r going threw or how they feel. i am going to go to school when im ready to be a Rn. thanks to my mom who took my fear away i was scared of ports needles and meds. well thats been checked off the list my mother was my first. i will miss you so much everyday mom. really wish chemo worked. it happened all to fast."
"148"&&&"post_7755361"&&&"my mother died this morning she will be forever missed if only words could ease my pain. i will alwys miss you mom."
"149"&&&"post_7672130"&&&"This is a big topic and I will only say a few words at present. To begin with the so-called \"rental\" wheelchairs, provided by medicare/medicaid are totally unacceptable for taking a person outside. They have very hard non-resilient wheels, for one. They are designed for indoor use on smooth hard surfaces, such as in a nursing home.    The provider, who is usually a salesman, gives you what they have in stock. These salesman also usually have great bargains on bridges in Brooklyn. This is usually two types or sizes. The wheelchair rental racket is a scam. Just a personal opinion. Obtaining a custom comfortable wheelchair will be the best investment you could make.Purchase one. Even if the insurance pays for a rental you end up with a Faustian bargain. They never tell you that wheelchairs come in a number of sizes (amazing), heights, wheel types, and the push-handles come at varying heights above the ground.You ideally need two (count-em) wheelchairs. A small four-wheeled (small wheels) chair for inside the house, with brakes that can be set by the caregiver, and an out-door chair.    The foot activated brakes tend to be secured by bolts that loosen and then the health-care aid will vacuum them up and the chair won't have brakes. For some reason the brake supports seem difficult to order from the manufacturer if they fall off. There are several small pieces. . Tighten the bolts that secure the brakes when you get the chair, or better yet, apply some lock-tight to the bolts and re-tighten.    These may be Phillip's (the \"x\" kind) or tightened by an Allen wrench. The appropriate Allen wrench should run you about a dollar. When you roll the four-wheeled chair to a table, the brakes are set so it doesn't move away when the patient pushes on the table or moves while eating.An outdoor chair must have a soft tire. These tires come in two types. Inflatable (like bicycle wheels) and foam (semi-solid). If you want to see the difference have someone push you around for an hour in the streets in a hard-wheeled chair and then try the ones with resilient tires. In some cases resilient tires can be added to a rental wheelchair.You will also need a    foam cushion for the seat of both chairs. A thin cushion for the four-wheeled indoor chair and a thick one for the outdoor chair.    These are available at medical supply stores.Now you need the leg extensions, of course, but you need something else for the patient who is very elderly. You need to cut a plywood board about 24\" long by 8: wide to go over the two foot rests. This is not always needed, but it prevents the infirm patient's legs from slipping between the leg extensions. A stroke patient may not be able to tell you and you won't notice you are twisting and damaging their feet. I used to secure this when going out with a length of duct tape, and later with a belt of velcro.Now you think about a velcro belt to keep the legs from slipping out. These are very inexpensive and locally available at the .99 cent stores for a buck. This should be very LOOSE, and simply prevent the patients legs from slipping forward over the edge of the plywood board or leg extensions.Finally, you need to obtain some scotch-light reflective tape (comes in red, striped and yellow) to wrap around cylindrical surfaces. At night this tape will pick up a headlight and insure visibility. They have little blinking strobes, but the Scotchlight (available at auto accessory stores) will work as well and less trouble.Of course you require an accessory bag to hook to the two handles that may be used for medicine, snacks, hydration (a small thermos), a blanket, cap, gloves, scarf, and most important a small flashlight. I prefer the fireman's disposable lights, but the new LEDS are super. I like to tape a cord to the flashlight and tie it to one of the straps on the accessory bag. Inventory this stuff before going out."
"150"&&&"post_7556189"&&&"One of the common problems in caring for an elderly person is to prevent them from tripping. Visiting nurse sent over a \"mobility specialist\" to an elderly person I know who then proceeded to secure the rugs to the wooden floor in the apartment with scotch-tape. After some comment, she returned the next day with duct tape.Arghhh!!! The appropriate tape to use to secure rugs to a floor is what is called \"Gaffer Tape\". This is available in various colors and up to six inches in width at photographic and motion picture supply stores, as well as on the internet. This tape is used in the motion picture industry to prevent people from tripping over cables and securing material temporarily. It is very strong, durable, and designed to be able to withstand someone walking over it. Most importantly, it can be REMOVED without damaging the floor. Duct-tape, no matter the brand, will leave adhesive that cannot be removed without destroying an expensive polyurethaned floor, for example. Gaffer tape can be used to tape an extension cord to the floor that provides power to an oxygen generator or other life-saving equipment. The down side is that gaffer tape is expensive, but well worth the money. It is a good idea to replace the tape every three months or so to prevent permanant attachment of particles adhesive, nevertheless. Gaffer tape is also useful in taping heavy equipment so it cannot fall (oxygen tanks, for example), or attaching a radio to smooth surface."
"151"&&&"post_7426002"&&&"If a person is in hospice care, are there any profit or    non profit hospice providers whose mission it is to provide    24 hour home health aides or nursing assistants when necessary, who are MAP..    certified/qualified to give medication and are supervised by the hospice agency.    I have seen this with a veteran in california, shifts of 3 days on, 3 days off, but am now looking for one in new york."
"152"&&&"post_7493273"&&&"My 86 year old mother took her flexeril 3 times today, when she is supposed to take only at bed time.    She has a heart condition, and I am concerned that this could be dangerous.    She has been kind of out of it    most of the evening, but yet very easy to wake up when she doses off.    I    sent her to bed a few minutes ago.    Should I be worrying?"
"153"&&&"post_7489234"&&&"Hi, I am 25 year old female, whom alongside my partner take care of his mother, my future mother in law.Mil is tetrapleagic, after contracting mrsa at one of our local hospitals. We have been looking after her for 3 and a half years now.She is confined to a wheelchair, and can't do much for herself though she is as sound as a pound mentaly.I myself, have a few health issues, as does my partner, we are not what you would classify as full time care givers as I work 5 days a week in accounts, aswell as for 6 months of the year attending college at weekends to obtain my accountancy qualification. My partner is self employed and can work up to 7 days a week.We have recently in the past 12 months noticed that his mum relys on us more more and more, physically that is not an issue, I change her cathetar bag, and make sure she has her meds on time, if she is ill I have time off of work, if she requires a nurse during the night we sit up with her, but we do seem to be fighting her battles for her more and more. She seems to just accept what the nhs tells her and doesn't fight for more help or the right medicationWe have carers come in 3 times a day to get her in and out of bed, morning and night, and some one at lunchtime to give her something to eat as me and my partner work.I guess I don't know what question I'm asking really, but just wondered if there was anyone else out there in a similar situation especially regarding the dependancy of 'fighting their battles'I would like to point out I don't begrudge doing this, but I can't understand why she won't say anything, potentially feeling vulnerable?! Anyway I don't know, ill stop babbling now lol! Thanks for taking the time to read this."
"154"&&&"post_7394700"&&&"I have ghost images in my operated eye about a week after cataract surgery.     Before this I was waking up virtually sightless in the eye -- it was as though there were no lens in the eye -- which would correct in a few hours.    Since the surgery I had been sleeping with the operated eye and that side of my face on the pillow and without eye protection since that my doctor said it didn't make any difference how I slept and I didn't need eye protection.    When I slept on my back the sightlessness on awakening disappeared, but as I say I now have ghost images.    Any possible causes?"
"155"&&&"post_7296989"&&&"I feel guilty for two things earler this year I had to make a touf choice.    We had to put my Father in Law in a home he suffered a massive stroke after brain surgery and his seizers were starting to get bad and make him disorenated he almost burnt our house down while my son(who is 5) and I were a sleep.    I also was the full time care giver to my Mouther who passed of cancer. ( She passed May 26th of this year)    My ? is Is it normale to feel guilty I feel like maybe I didn't do anuf for my Mom (her lung culapsed) I was thier holding her hand whin she passed and put everything on hold to take care of her and I just don't have the know how to take care of my Father in Law but everytime we see him He makes me feel even worse"
"156"&&&"post_7277982"&&&"Hi,For those who are caring for a patient with prostate cancer, or if you have questions about prostate cancer that are for yourself or a loved one, please join us for a free, one hour live health chat: Prostate Cancer: Early Detection and Proper Treatments Friday Sep 30, 2011, 12:00PM - 01:00PM (EST)Register and ask your questions now!http://www.medhelp.org/health_chats/register/66Early detection and choosing the appropriate treatment are key components of a successful outcome for patients with prostate cancer. Take this opportunity to chat with an expert to learn about screening and how to evaluate treatmentBest,CherylMH Community Mgr"
"157"&&&"post_7277978"&&&"Hi,For those who are caring for a patient with prostate cancer, or if you have questions about prostate cancer that are for yourself or a loved one, please join us for a free, one hour live health chat: Prostate Cancer: Early Detection and Proper Treatments Friday Sep 30, 2011, 12:00PM - 01:00PM (EST)Register and ask your questions now!http://www.medhelp.org/health_chats/register/66Early detection and choosing the appropriate treatment are key components of a successful outcome for patients with prostate cancer. Take this opportunity to chat with an expert to learn about screening and how to evaluate treatmentBest,CherylMH Community Mgr"
"158"&&&"post_7973278"&&&"There are a few things to consider when visiting a severely debilitated friend or relative in a nursing home.(1) Make hand to shoulder or hand to wrist contact throughout the visit. Don't just stand near the end of the bed.(2) If you are thinking of things to bring, several soft fresh fruits - peaches, strawberries, bannanas (not hard) and not too many.(3) Think about bring as a gift an inexpensive chess set, checkers set or backgammon. There is a game room where the seniors can get these, but it often has limited hours, andf the number of sets are limited.(4) One of the re-current problems is that the seniors do not eat their food, and it is taken away after a short time. One of the reasons is that the kitchen help have to wash the dishes before the next meal. Having a supply of disposable containers to put food in to be enjoyed during the next hour after the meal is helpful. Do not bring washable plastic containers. They cannot be cleaned properly and will gum up the sink in the room. Obtain the small four-inch-by-four inch transparent salad containers (order on the net) and some plastic spoons and forks. And some hot-service cups for soups. The main entree, if not finished, can be placed in one of these containers and left on the tray over the patient. Then the staff can take asway the dishes for cleaning and sanitation. Do not put the food in a drawer. If it is not on the tray it should be thrown out.(5) Try to find a small battery-operated radio. Most homes have television, but not a radio. Many homes will ,object to a plug-in 115 volt radio that is kept on the bed.    You need a continuously tuned radio, preferably AM-FM with a rotating knob for tuning. The digital radios cannot be operated by the frail and stroke disabled. I am not a happy camper with the ear-plugs, which become lost rapidly. If the volume is kept low the radio can be placed on a pillow next to the ear. Talk-shows and easy-listening music are good ways to full up the empty hours. And, of course bring extra batteries.(6) Usually there are two to a room in nursing homes. Often one patient can walk while the other (your patient) is bedridden. If your mom or dad is very debilitated and the other person is not ask them to assist when you are not there. One of the biggest problems is hydration. The patient does not drink enough. You can ask them to continually offer small cups of juice or water to your bedridden loved one throuighout the day. The CNA's do not pay enough attention to this.(7) If there are two pair of eyeglasses make sure the ones for reading have different frames or are marked with tape. Usually nursing homes will provide eyeglasses for near and far, but will mount them in identical frames.(8) Think about obtaining large-print newspapers or reading material.(9) Talk to the CNA's and compliment them. In the summer bring them a dozen cans of ice-cold soda to the nursing station. Or a box of jelly donuts.    In winter order a large pizza for the staff. Monetary tips are inappropriate.(10) Bring some fresh-squeezed juice or your choise and some small plastic cups to share.(11) If you have to take a break while the staff cleans your loved one go down the hall and talk to the other patients. You will find many have not had visitors for months. Always ask the CNA if you can give them food or drink. Many have swallowing problems.(12) If there is an outdoor area where you can take your patient, ask the CNA for permission to do so whenever you visit in good weather. Avoid sunburn.(13) Try to spend a reasonable amount of time sitting next to the patient and holding their hand or wrist.(14)    Ask the patient what he/she would like you to bring for a treat next time. (i.e - fresh strawberries)(15) If you say you are going to visit on a certain day do not miss the day.(16) Tell the patient what the weather is outside, the time, the day and the year (if they are very debilitated). Mention a single big event of the day to taslk abouit that is not too controversial (sports, for example).(17) Find out the names of the CNA's and nurses that work the stations. And the physician, psychiatrist, physical therapist and nursing home administrator.    Do this quietly. Many re reluctant to provide this information.(18) If the patient is very debilitated perform some simple range-of-motion exercises with their hands and arms. There is never enough of this done.(19) avoid complaining to the staff unless absolutely necessary.(20) Do not ask the staff about the patient's medications or attempt to read the nurses notes. This always causes an issue. Although you may have a right to this it places the low level staff in a difficult position because they have been ordered to maintain patient privacy. If necessary make a specific appointment with the nursing home physician with your health care proxy to discuss these issues."
"159"&&&"post_8178926"&&&"My boyfriend suffers from multiple health issues causing severe chronic pain to include migraines from multiple concussions to stomach pain relating to c. diff and ibs. He is limited in treatment options as he is very susceptible to side effects. In addition he is suffering from extreme borderline personality disorder symptoms from recent multiple concussions as he is extremely paranoid self destructive emotionally unstable and has suicidal thoughts. He is still young but now feels there is no reason to live as he lives a life of extreme pain and emotional suffering and I dont know what to do and am scared as I have no one to turn to for support."
"160"&&&"post_8289159"&&&"I will try to keep this as short as possible... Then answer whatever is asked of me thereafter.Long story short, my stepfathers history, summorized(he's the one who would need placement);1. 30 Years of Type 2 Diabetes that's resulted in 'Extreme' Diabetic Neuropathy in the legs/Muscle Waste2. Severe Spinal Stenosis that has resulted in doubling the trouble with use of legs/DRAMATICALLY increasing the risk of falls/dramatically increasing frequency of urination, up to 25 times in a 24 hour period--12 times during the night, will not wear a catheter.. This is a HUGE burden on my mother and I(which is really 1.5 people caring for his needs, as my mother is 79 and can't help him up, etc.)3. Open heart w/Aortic Valve Replacement and triple bypass in Nov., 2011./He was blacking out, given til Christmas, 2011, to live if he didn't do the surgery.4. Moderately onset Dementia(believe it's vascular, comes and goes, but most times is fairly bad)5. Can barely communicate any longer(knows what he wants to say at times, but it comes out as, \"I, I, I, I, I, I,\" for around 5 minutes, often doesn't come to an answer without lots of fishing/providing 'possibles' for him and is often something like \"I, I, I, I\"-1 MINUTE REPETITION-\"need...10 dollars for a haircut\"... usually he's trying to exclaim how painful his legs are or \"i want to go to bed\" or \"I want to go to the doctor so he can fix my legs\", Etc.6. He's often VERY mean to me and especially to my mother, 79 and also in 'fairly' risky health as well, due to having had a larger stroke and recovered ok, but A-fib and being overweight, etc., as well. He accuses her of sleeping with me and my nephew or whomever she is going out to see/whomever gives her a hug or basically pulls her away from the couch/by his side.I am not overstating when I say that this man is and always has been a HUGE 'narcissist', very self centered and often VERY mean/verbally abusive.Bottom line, I can't manage this care any longer between the two of us... And we are wanting the \"Medical\" system to get involved.(As I understand it, Medicare will use up it's 90Days and then Medical will kick in, under VERY specific conditions)..... As I said, and should have restated... \"He needs to be placed in a 24 hour care facility.\" His children are seemingly only interested in the Will and such, and while his son lives 4 miles away, he's been over here for a total of 3 hours in 6 visits, since December, 2011, when my stepfather returned home.My stepfather's PC Physician, Neurologist and new, the other day visit from a Psychologist, all feel that he is BEYOND ready for placement(Two of them saying, \"Not sure why it would be impossible to catigorize him as 'medically needing placement', Mental/Physical and risk of injury being the calls\"...). When I told them I've been doing this, either directly or on call/live in, for 8 months, 18 hours a day(I have to stay up til 5;30AM or so when My mother wakes to help him to the toilet, otherwise tie him down which would be even more unmanageable), 7 days a week... They all have dropped their jaws and said, \"Mark,.....this is way too much, you're going to end up very ill if you continue this way\".... I AGREE, but my problem is not only myself... I am VERY concerned for my mother..... This is QUICKLY wearing her down to the point of total exhaustion and to where she's passing out throughout the day on the couch, just overwhelmed, etc. I can't allow it to go on... And, to my point.........I DO NOT think, from what I've read/been told by others who've been in my situation.... that Medicare or Medical are going to want to provide \"in home care\"...... Even if they did, it would likely be a few hours a week that we would share the burden of, obviously, under the laws/policies. A few hours a week is not enough....I NEED to get back to 'living my life', and to be honest, can't take any more, emotionally or physically. I'm a Certified Executive Chef, and over the last couple years, I've sacrificed everything, including my career and most of my savings... And in reality, I'm now in Debt! In my understanding, we have to be down to 3K dollars in my mother and husbands accounts? They have annuities, but not enough that it would last past maybe a year or two of in home care co-payment. Not forgetting to mention, they would also be attaching ALL of his Social Security... That would leave only the interest on their annuities to live off of for my mother, paying all the house bills/property taxes, etc.We were told that there are ways to legally prevent them from touching things like annuities, and the house is under a reverse mortgage with NOTHING left of the 'credit line'.... We are meeting with the 'finacial guru's' in our life, over the next week, whom deal with elderly finance, etc.... But we really don't have anyone to represent/guide us through the 'placement requirements', if we can even get them funded by Medical... So I would just REALLY DROP TO MY KNEES in gratitude for any advice on .................\"The best path to ensure that we can get him placed in assisted living\"."
"161"&&&"post_8288599"&&&"I have been involved with a number of very elderly stroke-disabled patients and have found that the hospitals are not set up to deal with them - even those with geriatric wards. The problem is strange surroundings, a very elderly stroke-disabled patient, and a high bed and a hard floor. When agitated, especially at night, they may climb over the bed rails and fall to the floor and injure themselves.    Because of hospital policy they generally will not use restraints, and if they do they will use wrist restraints which cause the patient to become extremely upset. The answer is to have someone in the room with them, especially at night. This person does not have to be a nurse or have any certification other than common sense. Insurance does not always cover such a situation. Ideally a relative should stay, but this is not always possible. What I have done is to hire female college students to sit overnight in the room. I set this up ahead of time and have several names to call on a contingency basis. I got the names by placing an ad on a card on the bulleten board of a nursing school at the beginning of a semester. If there is a problem they can use the call bell to summon a nurse. In the United States, if you are paying cash, this can be done very inexpensively. If you go through the hospital you will most likely find yourself billed for the services of either a registered nurse."
"162"&&&"post_8286675"&&&"Here is an image. They can be cut with scissors and placed around the patient's bed and toilet."
"163"&&&"post_8286671"&&&"If you are supervising for or caring for an elderly person, one of the most common \"emergencies\" is vasovagal fainting. It can be very frightening to the caregiver. The co-factor is constipation and dehydration. The problem is the vagus nerve which meanders though the body and passes close to the anal sphincter. It is a very big nerve, the size of your pinky in places.    When over-stimulated by straining this drops the heart rate by from 20-40 beats per second. This is the reason many heart-attack victims are found dead on the toilet. It is the reason that the elderly, and in particular the stroke-disabled and feeble, must NEVER be left alone on the toilet. It is a good idea to schedule toilet visits (a) at the same exact time every day and (b) either immediately before meals or an hour afterwards. The reason for the meal interlude is that vomiting and airway compromise after fainting are sometimes a problem. You want a clear tummy. These vasovagal fainting episodes may cause simple woosiness or complete loss of consciousness. Generally the loss of consciousness is not long. Between ten seconds and a minute. The treatment drill is to immediately ease the patient to the floor, feet elevated from seven to ten inches, and a slight pad placed under the shoulder blades. Recovery should be within a minute or two and full recovery after fifteen minutes to an hour. Keep them on the floor and hold their hands or shoulder (providing reassurance) and check for good breathing and a pulse. The pulse will be bradycardic. That is under fifty beats, generally about forty. Don't worry. And don't worry about feces, urine or clearing up until they have completely recovered. The important thing is to stay with them. Not to run to call 911. If there is no regaining consciousness or if there is a breathing problem of the heart stops, of course call 911. Do not put them on the toilet again until they have been well-hydrated. As much fluid as they can take within six hours. Plus a stool softener. Consider using a fleet enema. A big problem is if the patients topples from the toilet. I found that placing interlocking foam squares around the portable toilet will cushion any possible fall. There are great to place around the bed also. They come in ordinary colors and bright ones. They are water resistant. I use them a lot. If they are on a wood or tiled surface use tape that is stick on both sides to secure them to the floor to prevent sliding. They can be assembled in all patterns.A problem with hired caregivers is that because they have little training they panic and either call 911 or their supervisor (leaving the patient on the floor). An ambulance is then called. The medics gets the callas an unconscious and the drill begins....sigh.I was with my little one (she was 102 at the time - she is now 108) and I left the apartment to take a walk and get coffee and spend time with the new blond waitress in the restaurant down the block from Germany who spoke little english and looked like Sandra Bullock. Yes dreams that she would take pity on an old man, and teach me all she knew about German massage.She was with a new aide - a replacement from the agency who spoke no known language.In any event I get no call on the cell and arrive back at the farm to see an ambulance racing off in the distance. Hmmm. I had sixty-three cents in my pocket. Not enough for a cab, I used the cell and the aide tells me (partly with sign language and mime) that my little one collapsed on the toilet.Arghhh. A vasovagal fainting episode.After a mile hike to the hospital I find my little one with four blown veins (all the good she had) while an interns is attempting an arterial blood gas draw!    Lots of tubes of blood to cover insurance regulations. They just finished five unnecessary x-rays because they thought \"she may have hit her head and had a concussion\".    She fell on my foam panels. And the aide was not holding her hand but left her alone while she gabbed on her cell-phone to her boyfriend. (I think that was aide eighteen of the thirty-seven I fired)    Worse they are talking about a cut-down! The two overweight paramedics are there smiling with their four-cell metal flashlights on their hips and seven patches on each arm certifying expertise in underwater CPR, arctic rescue, scuba-diving, and radiation hazard training. Nobody in the room is holding sweety-pies hand or shoulder. A young doctor is busy entering data in his laptop. And this is in a so-called \"top\" ER. A doctor is about to administer Haldol to my little one because she is screaming and restless!At that point I slapped the syringe from his hand and stepped on, and gave him a story about what happens in Sicily to doctors who mistreat elderly women. I disremember the rest of the conversation, but there were various allegations leading me to be removed from the hospital in handcuffs. There was NO Haldol administered. I returned with my attorney (who owed me big because I introduced him to his main squeeze) and who had an office a block away and we engaged in he-said-she said. Meanwhile sweety pie has been admitted because the hospital regs state overlnght stays for loss of consciousness. All over simple fainting. I called in another aide she knew who held her hand while I thought things over. Finally I came back at midnight, told them I was her son (I fibbed but had my fingers cross behind my back so it didn't count), and signed her out against medical advice, and brought her to the park where we held hands under the summer moon and had a hot chocolate party. She was happy and smiling, and we went home, watched cartoons and she had hot chicken soup at three A.M. and went to bed.And lived happily every after.Anyways, that's my vasovagal fainting story.But the foam panels are a worthwhile addition to the accessories necessary to be a good caregiver."
"164"&&&"post_8243129"&&&"my mother in law has fallen backwards three times in three months ...luckily no serious injury... but concerned as to why it happens...on flat surface at home..no trip hazards present"
"165"&&&"post_8140713"&&&"If you hire a health care aide do not assume they will be able to handle a 911 call. What I do is to run every one of them (whew!) through a \"scenario\". That is to say a \"mock\" 911 call, making believe I am the 911 operator. Surprisingly, many fail this simple exercise. In the patient's room I have a loose-leaf book labeled: \"Rules of the Road\". The protocols for various emergencies and contingencies are spelled out clearly in this book. The most important rule I teach is NOT to call \"security\" in the building or \"their nursing supervisor\". If you hire aides from an agency mark my words. They will call their agency supervisor for instructions BEFORE calling 911 unless you straighten this out from square one. This week a woman aide I know smelled smoke. Instead of calling 911 she called building security to come up and investigate. She was lucky. It was a neighbor burning food. She did the wrong thing. These fellows get paid to make-nice with the siren and the lights.NEVER HESITATE TO ROLL THOSE ENGINES!To make this easy I have created a print-out for your computer. It is important to note I have included a sentence \"I am located in ________town (or borough\". Many lives are lost because emergency equipment is sent to a similar address in an adjoining district. In New York City there is a Broadway in all five boroughs, for example. The other worthwhile bit of information is \"the nearest intersecting street\". By the same token make sure there is a NUMBER in front of the house or building and a NUMBER or LETTER on the door.I am not a happy camper with the various services that rent a button that connects them with their operator, who then calls 911. In the first grade we used to play something called \"telephone\". One child gets a message and whispers it to the child behind and you go around the room. Information is lost and distorted with every repetition. It is bad enough that in some cities when you want to report a fire you first tell your story to a screener, who then decides to have the information sent to a fire dispatcher, where it must be repeated. It is best to call 911 directly."
"166"&&&"post_8131676"&&&"When interviewing a new aide from an agency or outside hire I would ask them what they thought was the most important thing in regards to their duties. Over the years I received many answers, but never the correct one. Some girls told me \"to keep the house clean\". Others said \"to make sure Mrs.______takes her medications\". Still others said \"to make sure Mrs. eats and drinks and to call the doctor if anything happens.\" I would have to straighten them out.Your PRIMARY DUTY, I would tell them,is to try to make sure that when you come in to work, you do your everything in your power to make that this will be the very BEST and HAPPIEST day of your patient's life.I would meet with them personally every day, or if that was impossible, by telephone and we would discuss exactly how we planned to accomplish that goal."
"167"&&&"post_8125152"&&&"Caregiver222 has developed a system for insuring the elderly are properly hydrated. It is extremely important to make sure the elderly keep properly hydrated and in most places this is done by \"guestimate\".    Some nursing homes use astrology. Others use the Vulcan mind meld. I suggest there is a better way.    In most all facilities the aids arrive with a cup and straw or glass filled with a single flavor of drink. The system entails purchase of small plastic cups, in either a two-ounce or three-ounce size. You don't serve liquids in glasses.    The second part of the system is NEVER to serve only a single flavor of beverage. At meals I follow the \"four-flavor\" rule. Four cups containing four different flavors of beverage. Orange, banana, milk, water.    Chocolate milk, pineapple juice, tomato juice, iced tea. You get the idea. My little one always wanted at least one cup of plain old water. At snack time I change this to the two-flavor rule.    I like contrasting flavors of beverage. Orange juice and chocolate milk (in separate two-once servings) were a special hit.    The small quantities ensure that if the drink is not used expensive ensure or juice will not be wasted, and if there is a spill there will not be a great mess. Elderly patients satiate quite readily on a single flavor of beverage. As the cups are emptied they are stacked near the patient. At the end of the day the empty cups are counted and an exact measure of daily hydration is available. All patients should have a small permanently bound book by their side in which the aids make notations. I use the inexpensive marble grade-school notebooks. And every day is kept a written record of hydration."
"168"&&&"post_8124845"&&&"One of the items I purchased for my \"little ones\" wheelchair was a D-cell battery operated bicycle horn, which I attached to the right arm of the wheelchair.    I bought it in a bicycle store. When going down the sidewalk and obstructed by a crowd she would delight in beeping our way through! This didn't go over as well in the hospital hallway when there a line for the elevator, however. In any event, the little horn gave her some control over things and provided her with some fun."
"169"&&&"post_8120953"&&&"It is very important for the enfeebled to take in enough calories and nutrients. With age comes dysphagia and little appetite. I set up a daily log and pre-prepared breakfast, lunch and dinner relying on aids to report what was eaten. Foolish me. Day after day I would see in the log: \"Lunch. She eat Good!\". \"Breakfast. She ate great!\". Then I started going through the trash bags. The meals were hardly touched. The aides, I found, had a tendency to fib. In fact their noses were longer than Pinnochio.    I placed a recording video camera over the meal area. This caused a unbelievable number of complaints. The aides refused to feed under the camera! Squalk, squalk! Oh well. I'm easy. Out went the recording camera. I then started a new program. The remains of every meal would not be thrown out but placed in the refrigerator. I would then throw the food out at the end of the day after inspecting the plates. This worked out well. It enabled me to see what foods were liked and disliked and also to insure that the aids spent more time feeding and allowed a longer interval between spoonfulls.    This takes patience. And it won't take place unless there is supervision.    It is very easy for an elderly person to slowly lose weight, especially if there is not a scale to weigh them on a weekly basis. It is important to main both a hydration log and a log of the quantity of food eaten."
"170"&&&"post_8121524"&&&"If you are involved in the care of an elderly person on Medicaid or Medicare you have to learn about so-called \"certificates of necessity\". You can get all kinds of discounted stuff (durable medical supplies) with such certificates. To find out exactly what, look up \"Coverage Issues Manual\" on the net and you will see about 600 items listed. Look this catalog over. Within reason, a physician will generally approve what you ask for. In order for the certificate to be issued there must be a face-to-face meeting with the patient. You can't get one on the telephone. Generally, there is a co-pay of about 20%. Some hard lessons I have learned is to obtain the certificate of necessity and then YOU select the equipment. What usually happens is that a \"care coordinator\" affiliated with the home-care service does this, and they all get kick-backs. If you get a certificate for a motorized wheelchair, for example, you have the choice of a dozen models and manufacturers.    Furthermore many items come in various sizes and colors. One can get electric chairs that enables someone to go from a sitting to a standing position from many manufacturers in many styles, colors and sizes. Don't let the care supervisor make this selection. You end up with a less than optimal wheelchair or chair from a manufacturer that gives them the best kickback. I was involved years ago in a great investigation of these kickbacks and I can assure you they exist. Don't let someone else make that choice. The other fact that isn't told is that you have a rent or buy option. In almost every case where the item is to be used for more than two years you are better off buying. The certificates have to be signed my a medicare enrolled physician or certified person. Not any physician can do so. Bear in mind that a window of opportunity exists formany items. For example, a motorized wheelchair may be approved for someone living at home, however as soon as they go to assisted living they may not get a certificate. So it pays to get the motorized wheelchair before entering such a facility."
"171"&&&"post_8120783"&&&"Oxygen will spontaneously ignite when coming into contact with oil or vaseline. While everyone is familiar with the \"no smoking\" rule, not all know about the \"no petroleum product rule\". This is what is called a hypergolic reaction. No flame or heat is necessary. The problem becomes serious when a patient at home on an oxygen cannula complains to his/her health care aid, who may speak no known language and apparently obtained her certification by sending in boxtops, shows up with vaseline to place in the nostrils to make her charge \"more comfortable\". I have actually seen this happen and fortunately was able to prevent it from happening. If a patient uses oxygen,    vaseline or oil based products should NEVER be used on their lips or face. If you have a loved one on oxygen this fact must be conveyed to every aid that comes in to assist her, without exception. I place this warning in writing in a document called \"rules of the road\" that every aid must sign at the time they begin to work."
"172"&&&"post_8119211"&&&"I started caring for a woman named Inez when she was 99, and paralyzed from a stroke. Initially she had difficulty in moving her hands to feed herself. One of my goals was to get her to start using her hands and arms and to strengthen them. One of the structured activities I developed was the use of soft colored modeling clay. The sessions worked best when they were at the same time and for no longer than thirty minutes. I made some cute animals (copying ones I saw on the internet because I wasn't that creative)    up and then rolled the clay soft and let her take a try. When she made an animal I would clay and express delight and we would place it on display. It is difficult to find activities that both encourage use of hands and coordination and can be experienced and be fun to someone who can hardly move. The clay could also be brought into a nursing home, and be part of a visit. I would not leave it around (except for any animals made) because the homes do not approve of \"mess\". I have had trouble leaving art supplies that included paint, for example, having been told those activities could only take place in the recreation room. With the clay, you could enjoy a time with a bedridden patient using the tray that they eat their meals off of."
"173"&&&"post_8118858"&&&"Dry erase boards are wonderful for communication with the stroke-disabled elderly, especially those with hearing problems and speech disorders. Many stroke-disabled elderly are very frustrated because people do not communicate with them. I have used them with people who could only move one hand. You can ask a question and write (Squeeze my hand once is yes. Twice is no.) When my mother passed she was a quadraplegic who could only move one finger and because of a tracheotomy could not talk, but could answer questions with the dry-erase board by moving her one finger to touch my hand or blink her eyes.    I am still crying about the loss of one of those I took under my wing this month (Claudine), however another (Inez) is 108 years old and going strong. If you have aids they have to be instructed to use the dry erase boards frequently or they will not. The dry erase boards are useful in encouraging decision making on the part of the patient. I like to give three choices. For example \"Want to go out to te park? Underneath I print, \"Yes\", \"no\", or \"later\". By the same token don't just bring a beverage. Write on the board: \"Want orange or tomato?\"    Use the boards to enable menu selection: \"Do you want fish or pasta\" \"pea soup or chicken noodle soup?\"The boards are especially useful in diagnosing medical problems or discomfort. \"Is the pain in the left arm?\" (\"yes\" or \"no\"). Is the pain \"very bad\" or \"not so bad\". Or you can use the old one to ten system of describing the intensity of pain. Without use of the dry erase board it is virtually impossible to make a differential diagnosis. In the morning have the aid write the date and if something special is happening. For example: \"The foot doctor is coming today.\" If you have an aid when you come in inspect the board to insure is is being used that day for communications. Make sure the writing is in bold two-inch high clearly formed printed form. This fact may seem obvious, but is is not. Say nothing and the aids will communicate with script or poorly formed letters or half-inch high letters. Arghh. Common sense, apparently, is not all that common. You need two boards. One for the room and another small one to tuck into the carry bag on the wheelchair. And of course non-toxic pens in bold colors, preferably the large ones. Inez used to like to try her hand at drawing on the board and I used it for rehabilitative hand therapy. I had to place the marker in her hand and she could only make lines with difficulty. The boards and markers are very inexpensive and available a many stores. Staples always seems to have a good selection."
"174"&&&"post_8108202"&&&"To my chagrin and irritation another medical information site has been posting glowing endorsements of nursing homes by \"caregiver222\".    I have been using this handle for many years, professionally, in songwriting and in writing, and the \"222\" comes from the hospital room where a loved one died. This particular site has paid advertisements by nursing homes, some of which are the subject of numerous federal deficiency complaints involving the deaths of patients. They have essentially lifted my identity as caregiver222 to endorse these questionable homes, have admitted they have done so, and essentially said \"sue us\". If this was 1814 caregiver222 would be happy to settle the question the way President Jackson settled his problems, but I am law-abiding and moral, and my PTSD from Vietnam these days is under control. In any event, since I have received messages regarding endorsing these homes from people on Medhelp I wish to state that such postings, using the handle\"caregiver222\" are fraudulent, ficticious and unethical."
"175"&&&"post_8103651"&&&"I reduced my grandmother's dose of Seroquel from 1/2 of a 25mg tablet to 1/4 and she still has slight TD-like muscle movements of her lips/tongue and head nodding. She has been on this medication since being in the hospital 6 months ago. When I tried to discontinue, she skipped one dose, had strange thoughts, upset stomach and couldn't sleep. She also takes Dilitiazem and Lasix for BP. Is there something safer she can take to keep her calm and sleep?"
"176"&&&"post_8084129"&&&"Hello. I am 19 years old and I have to take care of my uncle. We have taken him to so many different doctors but they cant find out what is wrong. It happened all of a sudden. He goes into these episode type of things where he acts like a little kid. You have to make him food, make sure he takes his meds, make sure he dont leave the house... and to top it off he talks like a little kid. Also before this he talked fine and now of a sudden he studders in and not in his episodes. He also has to walk with a cane now. It is sooo time consuming. and being a full time college student dont help either. I wish they could find out what is wrong with him. Does anyone know of this medical problem? has anyone even heard of it?? Please help"
"177"&&&"post_7942578"&&&"my father 88 years old/lives with me and husband has end stage kidney disease and heart failure/barely hanging in there as well as myself being the only family member left to care for him.I got him on title 19 for the connectiucut homecare program which promises home health aide and homemakers.the home health aide they sent 6 weeks ago for only 1 hour 3 mornings a week at 10 am because that id the time that works best for him/started calling out sick 3 weeks ago and the home care agency who she is hired through started sending different aides who some my father was not comfortable with.i explained this to the agency with no understanding/today they sent an aide who took a bag full of dirty diapers he wears and self cath units he uses for self catherization and without gloves on put the bag on my kitchen counter and then without washing her hands started to make his breakfast/my father is very sharp mentally and got very upset/I then made his breakfast called the agency and had my father tell them what happened.also the aide confronted me in my own living room as she was leaving my home to tell me she heard me tell my husband while i was talking to hime in our bedroom with the door closed/that my father did not like her and wanted to know from me how is she expected to take care of hime when he does not like her.she also was complaining when she arrived at my home about having to drivefrom a other town away for only an hour.I told the agency all this and called the state case worker though the agency on aging in ct and the responce was that my father is not being flexible enough and that everyone wants 10 am for a shower and maybe they will have to change agencys which will mean he will loose the nurse he has confidence in.I am so disgusted by these uncaring attitudes/and i do not know what to do.I do not know when we will get and aide again.with my fathers advanced kidney disease he needs showers to prevent UTI infections and it helps the itching he gets from the advanced kidney disease.I know maybe can can get a shower at later or earler in the day but he does not have much longer to live and I feel some compassion ans professionalismshould be demostrated when delivering home care for thr elderly.the state wants people to stay in their homes rather than nursing homes/also puts an awful burden on the family and then gets ruse and sarcastic when you only are asking for help.please if anybody reads this and can relate or offer suggetions please do so.i live in connecticut."
"178"&&&"post_7936341"&&&"With the super-elderly and severely disabled elderly (especially the bedridden) the structured provision of means for them    to make decisions is extremely important. If you have health care aides, this must be emphasized. As an example of this is to always offer two choices of some activity, several times a day. This takes some thought.    In senior homes, residents often dump their meals into plastic bags (not eating in the dining room) to take them to their rooms because choosing the time of day they can eat is important.(1) In the morning the patient should be offered a choice of TWO kinds of clothing. I am not a fan of leaving patients in pajamas all day long. They should be dressed in normal clothing during the daytime.(2) If they go outside a choice of hats and handbags and earings (for example). Two choices are enough.(3) With meals, offer them a choice of entrees every day. (\"would you like fish or hamburger for lunch today?\")(4) With the meals are ready ask them \"would you like to eat now or later?\" Don't just bring over a meal. You would be surprised at the self-satisfaction a bedridden patient obtains from simply controlling their meal time.(5) When going out let them choose destinations. (\"Would you like to go to the duck pond of the children's playground?\"). When outside don't just return home. Ask \"Would you like to go home now or in twenty minutes?\". Or: \"Would you like to stop at the store on the way home?\""
"179"&&&"post_7923847"&&&"One problem that invariably comes up is when an elderly person, wheelchair bound or bedridden, requires assistance from an aide who is not necessarily close by. A typical situation might be when they feel a bowel movement coming on and require assistance with the toilet. An aide cannot be expected to remain next to the person being cared for every minute. They may have to go to the kitchen, for example, or take out the garbage. Or go to the kitchen to prepare a snack or take a break. I solved this problem with my little one by purchasing a wireless electric doorbell system. These units are relatively inexpensive and range from ten to thirty-five dollars. You can even make one yourself    quite easily.    The units come with two small push buttons and a bell or chime. The buttons are designed to transmit two different signals. One is engineered to be placed on the front door. The other on the rear. Because there are different signals you know which door the visitor is at. I mounted the push buttons on a piece of wood and a strip of velcro. The velcro costs about two dollars U.S.    I secured the companion piece of velcro on the side of her bed, next to the television (on a chair) and on the side of the wheelchair. Thus the two buttons could be moved easily from one location to the other. Similarly I mounted the small chime on a velcro plastic sheet. My little one thus had TWO buttons that would transmit a unique different signal throughout the house to call someone if needed. One I marked with RED as an emergency button. The other button sounded a different chime and meant \"come, but not immediately - I need something\". When taking her outside I carried the chime signal in my backpack, and attached the wood with the buttons to the side of the wheelchair. In the park the signal would transmit for about 1500 feet. Different units vary in range. Thus I could park my little one and go for a drink or water or use the facilities and she had the buttons to immediately signal me. In addition, as times she wanted to be left alone to look at the birds, for example, and I could remain close by watching her without being overly attentive. The units use small AA batteries."
"180"&&&"post_8036041"&&&"chills and shivering without fever -- What are the causes and treatment?(This happens in a warm environment where everybody is completely comfortable or even too warm.)"
"181"&&&"post_8070151"&&&"my mother who is 83 and diabetic recently was found by my sister in a diabetic coma and there are signs of an infarc. She has confusion, memory loss and mild delusion (seeing her name on walls, seeing people that are not there) but she can also have a conversation that flows until she interjects something completely off-base or not based in reality). She also does not recognize her sister but she knows her sister's grandson who was with her when they visited. Is there anything that we as the family can do to help her recover from this state?"
"182"&&&"post_8073381"&&&"my SWEET MOM has now passed and all i can say is i would not take a min from the time i had my mom in my home, they have been with me for 8 years and i helped my dad take care of my sweet mom, we did everything for her as she got bedridden 11 months ago, feed.bathe/wiped her tears and her hinney, but it was a blessing to do for the woman that gave me Birth.    I LOVE MY MOM and MISS her so much.    all i can say is get rest and eat good and walk away when you need to, but most love them every min you get for they are gone before you know it,     Mom could no longer talk before she passed but she loved us with her hands, always holding our hands ,rubbing our arms. wish i could feel her touch again."
"183"&&&"post_7845987"&&&"I decided to check the forums, see if there was a spot for people caring for an elderly parent. I won't go into a long winded story but briefly I'm an only child so no help from siblings. My Dad died over 3 years ago and my husband and I have had to step in to help. My mom is 83 yo, very negative, manipulative and critical. According to 2 psychologists she is BPD, a personality disorder that I won't go into. Needless to say I don't feel a lot of warm fuzzy feelings for her but I can't ignore her either. It would just be too cruel. But I've learned to keep some boundaries up to protect my own emotional health after a lifetime of being treated not very nicely.As I said she is 83, according to all the doctors she's seen, she is in fairly good health for someone her age. According to her she has hundreds of things wrong with her. I've been keeping a personal journal of her behavior: forgetting things, times of confusion, not knowing what time of day it is, losing her money, etc. Overall she is not doing well at taking care of herself in terms of eating (just candy, cookies, stuff she buys from Taco Bell and TV dinners). She has trouble understanding her bills and is now 6 months behind on her bank statement. She refuses any help in the home when we've offered. At the doctor's office she does quite well at chit chat and can be funny for those 15-20 minutes. But daily living is taking a toll on her.When do you know that it's time for a parent to go to assisted living? How do you do it? You can't just tie them up and move them. I've thought of sharing my notes with her doctor but they don't trust me either. She's led them to believe that we're taking financial advantage of her. We were quite open with Adult Protection Services and they understood it was her way of getting attention. We have no involvement with her finances at all. But now things are awkward with her doctor. She refuses to consider assisted living, swears she'll be raped there. Needless to say I'm very tired. And I never know from one day to the next whether she will like me or hate me."
"184"&&&"post_8021034"&&&"My Mum is 87 and has taken a overdose of Warfarin. She was given vitamin K by her GP as soon at it was discovered. her INR levels are back to normal and she is taking the correct dose of warfarin now. I would like to know why she has a large lump at the bottom of her rib on her side it is painful will it go down?"
"185"&&&"post_8028825"&&&"My brother is in the ICU at a major hospital, one with a good rating. He was in a bad auto wreck with multiple fracures, but no head trauma or internal injuries. He has been in the ICU for 2 1/2 weeks. He has had a few surgeries but cannot have a pelvic surgery due to lung congestion when they turn him on his side. He is on a ventilator and has chest drainage tubes. He is heavily sedated    - almost an induced coma in some way. I heard today they don't know why he is having the lung issue.    I am thinking why don't you know or who does know? The longer the pelvic fractures remain the worse. I can't help thinking about seeing if he can be moved to anothe facility, locally, with an extremely high rating. I'm no doctor but when is a second opinion/hospital relocation warranted?Thanks!"
"186"&&&"post_7936623"&&&"help me understand how someone, while legally blind in one eye, the other is corrected to 20/30 but she says she can't read more than a letter at a time"
"187"&&&"post_7928527"&&&"I look after my grandparents and have began using a site called www.curahq.com to organize my family and friends who want to help out. Has anyone else had experience of this site?"
"188"&&&"post_7783546"&&&"There are electric dispensers, but the simplest is to purchase four of the ones that hold a week's supply and load them for the month, labling each week. These are very inexpensive."
"189"&&&"post_7929120"&&&"If you have a loved one in a rehabilitation facility of nursing home is is a good idea to have them sign a medical proxy permitting you access to their medical records and to periodically make an appointment to review them for accuracy. Notations by nursing home staff can have tremendous consequences if, for example, an attempt is made to transfer the patient or get them into an assisted living facility. One little friend of mine is now in a rehab nursing home. To get her into assisted living she has to be certified to be able to walk without assistance and pass a stair climbing test and have these facts certified by the nursing staff. Unfortunately this person has a notation that they require an aide to be with them because they are \"fall prone\" and cannot safely walk without such assistance. What actually happened is this: The person was tired of being neglected by staff (or so she felt), and noted that patient's who fall get lots of attention. And special rehab. Thus, she \"staged\" make-believe falls (according to her own account), not recognizing the consequences. In any event, don't resistate to investigate and question irregularies in the record that you know may not represent absolute truth."
"190"&&&"post_7922443"&&&"\"Speedrail\" has been around a long time and is a system of metal components to create an an instant bannister or handrail. The componants include rails of various lengths, options for floor stabilization mounts and extensible brackets for the walls. Speedrail can be used to create \"exercise\" bars to assist the elderly in walking, and is used in many rehab centers for this purpose."
"191"&&&"post_7918628"&&&"What are the limitations after the 6 wk. recovery period"
"192"&&&"post_7858610"&&&"My husband has had an AVM & surgery for subarachnoid hemorrhage. Now DX states: right parietal encephalomalacia with ex vacuo enlargement of the right occipital horn & prominent supratentorial ventricles suggestive of atrophy. He still understands & follows directions but that is about all. Will he ever, with time, be able to communicate more or be able to feed himself? Will he always require custodial care? Carol"
"193"&&&"post_7804377"&&&"Hi my name is jana. I have a friend who blood sugar is never below 500. She is a senior on fixed income and cant afford to buy it. she has friends who give her their left over pins. Is there some way she can get help getting the novolog she needs."
"194"&&&"post_7800004"&&&"How would you safely reduce or withdraw low dose Seroquel from an elderly person?"
"195"&&&"post_7775540"&&&"My elderly mother is on about 10 different drugs and she's always forgetting when to take what pills on what days. For myself, I have an app on my android tablet that keeps it all in one place and gives me warnings in case any of my drugs interact poorly. Do you think I could get my mother to use something like that? She has used my tablet before just for reading the news, and she was able to do that just fine."
"196"&&&"post_8519938"&&&"My Mom (67) just had throat surgery Friday to remove a cancerous tumor. The surgeon removed a tonsil and a large portion of the back of her tongue. The surgery went smooth, but the recovery has not. She developed major congestion Sunday. Chest x-rays showed no pneumonia, but both lungs were partially deflated (Atelectasis). The doctor started her on antibiotics. She can't be suctioned due to the swelling and risk of bleeding. She was better Monday, but still had a bad cough. She failed a swallow test on Monday, and gets nothing by mouth except ice chips. We were told she is high risk for aspirating.They discharged her Tuesday (too soon IMO), and my daughter and I have been taking care of her. She is still on oxygen and gets continuous tube feeding (through her nose). We have been working hard with the Incentive Spirometer to strengthen her lungs, and she is walking around the house with a walker.She is still coughing and the congestion is still bad. She still cannot cough it up. At 1:00am today, she had another coughing spell. She coughed, choked, gagged, and vomited. It was globs of mucus tinged with blood. We called the ambulance and headed to the ER. The position of the feeding tube was checked, a chest x-ray looked identical to the last one on Sunday, and all the lab results were fine. We were told that the congestion caused the vomiting, and the blood came from her large, open wound in her mouth/throat. We took her back home, but now we are nervous, Her follow-up appointment with her surgeon is Monday, and that seems like an eternity now! I was hoping they would keep her at the hospital until the congestion cleared up.Would this be a situation that meets the requirements for us to get some Home Health help? We've got all the basics figured out (feeds, oxygen, hygiene, etc), but we have no idea what is an emergency (or even a concern)and what isn't. We are feeling extremely overwhelmed today. Help?"
"197"&&&"post_8738549"&&&"I have been involved in teaching the computer to disabled and elderly seniors.Computers are available in many nursing homes but the staff is usually unaware thatextra-large keyboards are available, with colorful one-inch square keys. This accessoryis a must for those seniors with serious eye disease and coordination problems."
"198"&&&"post_8695880"&&&"The very elderly and stroke-disabled often have difficulty in using a ball-point pen or pencil. On one of my visits to a nursing home last week to help out a friend I brought her packages of \"sharpies\" in many colors, and a bristol-board pad upon which to draw. Bright purple, red, green, blue and many pastel shades in between. I prefer the fine points. She has trouble sharpening a pencil or using a ball-point pen, but delights in using the markers. Because she has a tendency to leave the caps off I purchase them in six-packs. These will bleed through ordinary paper, however bristol-board pads are available that will not bleed through. I have used these markers with severely damaged stroke patients, who cannot hold a pen or pencil wil sufficient pressure against paper to make a mark. They come on both non-toxic and toxic varieties. The non-toxic have a water-based solvent, which unfortunately, does not make as bold a mark, mark as easily or is indelible,so I prefer the ordinary versions."
"199"&&&"post_8658930"&&&"Both Medicaid and Medicare    patients are entitled to physical therapy. Medicaid limits this to 25 visits per year. Medicare has a $155 deductable and then pays 80% to a cap of $1860. I just got through visiting an 86 year old friend in a nursing home who has not been getting this therapy and who would benefit greatly. My point in this post is to make sure the nursing home in which your loved one is staying \"gets off the dime\" in this respect. The squeaky wheel gets the grease. These sessions which consist of varied exercises, assisted walking and range-of-motion invariably result in significant improvement in \"quality of life\". If you arrange to have this done at home keep track of the time the therapist arrives and leaves. My experience is that otherwise they tend to \"short\" the time.    It helps to observe them so you can learn the drills to use when they are not there."
"200"&&&"post_8638643"&&&"Swallowing difficulties are common in the elderly. Especially stroke patients. There are various degrees of difficulty. Problems with swallowing pills is common. If swallowing is normal except for the inability to swallow pills first try placing the pill UNDER the tongue and then having the patient drink an ordinary quantity of water or liquid. The pill will usually magically end up in the tummy. Another way uses ripe banana. You crush the pill and place the medication in a glob of mashed banana. Banana is sometimes contraindicated because of the potassium content, however a small bit (an inch or so) will not cause problems. Thyroid medication can often be introduced in this manner, as well as ordinary antibiotics. The mashed bit of banana has just enough substance to cause the patient to swallow the pill. Follow up with a sip of liquid."
"201"&&&"post_8508415"&&&"Is it ok for a Mentally Handicapped    man in his 20s to wear shorts during the summer, if he is not potty trained?Melvin"
"202"&&&"post_8503725"&&&"Why do I suddenly see prisms which come suddenly and go suddenly"
"203"&&&"post_8431877"&&&"Help! 11 yr. old girl is upset her mother is traveling along w/her sister & their mother w/very sick terminal child to Disneyworld for X-Mas. This is sick child's only vacation/wish in yrs. It's all about her last \"trip/wish/vacation.\" She does deserve it, for she has endured much pain and heartache due to her fatal disease. This sick child is living w/her Aunt and family along w/her mom. Her mom need's the help of her sister and their mother. The hotel room is going to be too small 4 all but 4 poeple. The sick child need's quiet time and can't be out very much at all due to her disease, so it limit's the fun. It would be no fun for the cousin, but she is upset, angry, sad, and jealous and making it KNOWN to her mother leaving her feeling guilty as to not taking her. The child has school, as this trip will take place in week 1 of Dec. It is obvious it is not a option to take her due to the demands needed of the sick child and her mother need's the help of her sister.The father of the 11 yr. old is upset as well, feeling everyone should go! I've heard the story and it is BEST for the sick child & financial wise to just have the 4 people go and give this child a \"dream\" vacation at the very least.How can it be resolved? THis child is upset, but more \"acting\" out we think just because. It is really worrying the mom and now the father.This family need's some help with this, and I'd like to offer it to them if ANYONE out there will help answer what to do/say? If U R a medical professional/homemaker/grandmother...WHO√¢ Ä ¶ help me find answer's to help them \"help\" resolve this sad situation. It's not that they don't understand the child's upset, it's just they seem to NOT know how to handle it and being a good confidant...I don't have any answer's for them. IIF YOU CAN OFFER ADVICE, PLEASE DO SO. I'LL PASS IT ON TO THE FAMILY AND HOPE SOMEONE CAN FIND THE RIGHT WORDS/SCENARIO TO PRESENT TO THIS CHILD FOR COMFORT, AND SHE IS I SUPPOSE TO YOUNG (MAYBE) TO UNDERSTAND THE SEVERITY OF THIS ISSUE...MUCH APPRECIATED...THANK YOU. FYI: ill child is 18 YRS./bed-ridden/O2dependant/extremely weak but this is her wish."
"204"&&&"post_8409923"&&&"It's been a difficult 4+ years since my Dad died and we've been trying to take care of my mom (now 84). She's always been extremely volatile: critical, negative, manipulative. But as her only child (she disowned her other child whom she left with the bio father) her care has been my concern. It's been hard since for a few weeks she'll think we (my husband and I) are terrific, what would she do without us. Then she'll turn on one or both of us, getting very angry. At times she'll say: don't call, don't come over but with no explanation. Then within a few days she'll act like everything is just fine.Last week was horrid with her making accusations against me to my husband. When he tried to defend me, she blew up. I had a talk with her on Sunday and it was uncomfortable since this is the first time in my life I pushed back a bit, not rude or disrespectful but I did push to discuss the things she had said about me. She seemed OK, we went out to do errands and eat lunch as I do twice a week with her (she doesn't drive).Today I called (I call her as well 2-3 times a week). She insisted that she \"can't do this any more\", she's miserable, her life is a mess, she enjoys my company but doesn't want me to ever come over again. We talked for a bit more, I tried to understand what she was trying to say but it didn't make sense. She insisted that I don't come over. I told her I didn't agree but I would respect her wishes since I didn't want to cause her any misery. She said she loved me and hung up.Although she's been angry before and told us to buzz off, this sounded very final. The first thing I did was call her doctor's office. This is way more than I can handle and felt it was time to involve a professional. The nurse (fantastic woman) called me back and we had a great discussion. She's agreed that she's seen a downward spiral since my Dad died and she will talk with the doctor tomorrow. They will deal with this. She did say I could try calling my mom on Sunday, see if she's cooled down.Long story actually but I've kept it as brief as I can. Is there anything else I should be doing?"
"205"&&&"post_8384189"&&&"A nice gift for someone in a nursing home, either on a temporary basis (for rehab) or permanently, is a small metal lockbox that can fit in one of the small bedside drawers allotted residents. They sell for between $8.00 and $20.00 U.S. circa 2012 and come with either keys or combination locks. If you get one with a key have extra keys made before you take it to the home. Seal one key in an envelope and secrete it somewhere in the room (A good place is under a drawer) and keep the other one. If you get a combination lock set it to an easily remembered combination, such as the year the patient was born.    A nice touch for a female patient is to spray-paint it pink and apply a floral decal. Though the amounts are small,    money and inexpensive jewelry tend to disappear in nursing homes. I'm not sure if the issue is kleptomania, but there is a surroundings where there are many people with dementia wandering around. Patient's like to have a small amount of cash handy for vending machines and snacks. Keeping cash unsecured indefinitely is an invitation for problems."
"206"&&&"post_8379415"&&&"When an elderly person is in a subsidized elderly \"project\", and either dies or ends up in a nursing home the \"landlord\" often sends a notice ordering the apartment to be surrendered wit the end of the month. The notice is official, generally coming from the office of an atorney. In the case of a death this means the apartment must be cleaned out within a space of perhaps two weeks. In many cases this is an impossible burden for relatives, who may also be frail and elderly.    In the situation with a nursing home, it may mean if the person is released from the home they will have no apartment. The fact of the matter these letters are bogus, designed to frighten and intimidate, and in point-of-fact the landlord has to utilize \"due process\" to evict. (To forestall eviction someone has to continually occupy the apartment). \"Due Process\" means a court hearing at housing court.    You won't need an attorney if you are only \"buying time\". At every court hearing at the first appearance you are entitled to what is called an \"all-purpose adjournment\". If you request this there will be another court date scheduled. You don't have to give a reason for an \"all purpose adjourment\".    You cannot be forced to vacate the apartment unti the judge issues an order, and then you mwill have additional time.    In case of death this gives you fron one to three additional months to clear out the home. In the case of a nursing home situation, the matter becomes more complex. In the case of one elderly woman I am involved with she was placed in a rehab nursing home and ended up with a guardianship, for complicated reasons. She is an artist and her apartment is filled with art she created. We went to court to forestall eviction and after two years, she still has not been evicted (we are still in court), although she has been in a nursing home, hoping to be eventually released."
"207"&&&"post_8355695"&&&"My dad just had surgery for a broken tibia/fibula and he can't put any weight on it for the next month.    He is supposed to come home tomorrow and we don't know how we're going to get him up the stairs to the house.    The physical therapist said he should go up on his butt.    My dad is 65 and has had both hips replaced recently and I don't think he's going to be able to do it.    I am looking for some different things we can try to get him up the steps without putting any weight on his foot.    Does anyone have any ideas?    Thank you!"
"208"&&&"post_8323650"&&&"The PEG stands for percutaneous endoscopic gastronomy. A surgically emplaced feeding tube. My little one had one emplaced at age 104 (her decision) and she is doing fine at 108. At home with her son and private aides. Many elderly are reluctant to have a feeding tube and I will offer some comments. Many people, contrary to popular belief, tolerate them very well with little discomfort. My little one is in that universe of people. They have to be replaced every six months to eighteen months, primarily because the feeding tube becomes clogged with residue. There are several types available. Consult your physician. These are prescribed for those who cannot swallow (dysphagia), often secondary to a stroke. If swallowing resumes they can be removed. A patient can eat soft pureed foods while on a peg as the swallowing returns. Nutrition is provided either by bolus or continuous feed. You can do both. Bolus feed one day and continuous feed the next or at night. Or continuous feed at night and give a bolus feed at noon. Bolus feeding is best.    With bolus feeding the patient can be taken outdoors or on trips and not be attached to a machine. The bolus feeding is, however more labor intensive, and in a nursing home they invariably select continuous feeding, which means the patient will not move in the bed, and is likely to develop bedsores and clots. Furthermore they will not permit you or anyone else to come in and \"bolus feed\". \"Insurance regulations\", they say. If you have insurance home-care the home-care agencies will refuse to service the peg, forcing you to call in a registered nurse. This is often an unaffordable option. I trained home-care aides with no experience to perform the servicing, and they are paid for by the family. The \"fiction\" is that the son does the feeding. Think three to four man (or woman) hours a day for bolus feeding. That's an hour or so three times a day. The key to bolus feeding is to always clean and service the tube and flush it. A bit of seven-up and then a squire of saline. And to care for the dressing to prevent infection. I use an ultraviolet filter and HEPA unit in the room to insure it is dust free. You don't want infection to end up in the opening. The bolus syringes are meant to be one-time use. Nevertheless people re-use them.    If re-used insure they are sterilized. This means dust filters on open windows and a freshly-painted dust free room. Keep a digital camera in the room and when the aides change the dressing take a     photo of the opening. You can review this and e-mail it to a physician. This way you can watch for inflamation(inflammation)."
"209"&&&"post_8293843"&&&"This is a bit difficult to describe so please bear with me. My mother has some personality issues, has always been controlling, manipulative, angry and negative. That's her \"norm.\" A couple of psychologists have listed her as having a personality disorder. Now that she's getting older I'm not sure what is mental decline in terms of forgetfulness and paranoia and what's just a ploy to get our attention.She complains constantly about being in pain or having this health issue or another. Yet when I manage to get an appt. for her, she cancels it. She says she can't see anything very well but cancelled the eye appt. She complains about pain all over but has cancelled the rheumy appt. once and is considering canceling the next one. She misplaced her will several months ago, recently calls me almost every day in a panic about it, asks me over and over if I have it (I don't) but then when I mention going to a lawyer to get a new one made, she doesn't want to.Yesterday we went over and she met us outside with the comment - OK, we're going to have it out right here and now. I had no idea what she was angry about. Turns out she couldn't find her wallet. I had taken her out the day before to buy a few things and I was almost positive she had it in the car. We spent 2 hours looking for it in the house, calling her credit card and bank people and fraud people. Miraculously she walked into a bedroom and found it under a stack of clothes. Had to call them all back.This is probably an impossible question to answer but is there a way to tell what's true confusion (because I want to be helpful) and what's game playing? She is 84 and lives on her own. Refuses to move to assisted living."
"210"&&&"post_8297169"&&&"I've a freind who is experincing extreme lose of energy. I mean very weak after walking about 10 ft. and is bloted in the lower abidomn. He has a pacemaker. after exerting energy he falls a sleep alot."
