"I hope this is the correct forum for my question.    My father had two strokes in the last seven years.    I am an only child, so my mother and I take care of him.    He no longer works, but sometimes drives to buy groceries since it's close to home.    My question is -- how do you take care of someone who does not want to be taken care of?He is the most stubborn person I know.    My mother is a nurse, yet he won't listen to her when she tells him he needs to take his medicine or watch what he eats.    In 2003, he had his first stroke after basically eating the whole pie of Papa John's pizza.    We thought that would be his reality check.    Guess what?    It wasn't.Then 3 years ago, he had a second stroke.    Reality check?    No.    He still does not believe in doctors, nor medicine. He has diabetes, just like his father, grandfather, great-grandfather, etc.    He also has high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and arthritis.    He refuses to believe that his stroke was caused by anything else besides diabetes.He has also suffered from depression for years, even before the stroke.    He was married with two children before he met my mother. I'm sure that's one reason why he's been depressed all his life.    Not to mention he was the eldest of 8 children and had to leave school to work and take care of them.    He does not want to move in with his brothers and sisters (who are also retired but on the other side of the country), because of pride.Lately he's been having memory lapses after waking from naps.    We don't know if these are mini-strokes, or just part of the long-term effects of strokes.    Again, he is stubborn; he does not want to call his doctor about this.    He says he's fine, but I'm scared that one day something serious will happen to him.    Since I'm an only child, he's home alone whenever my mother's at work and I'm at work or class.    No one is there to watch him and make sure he takes his meds or doesn't overdose on them.    We worry that when he has his memory lapses, he'll overdose on the meds, not realizing he had already taken them.Please, if anyone could shed some light on how to deal with this, it would be greatly appreciated."
