"One problem that invariably comes up is when an elderly person, wheelchair bound or bedridden, requires assistance from an aide who is not necessarily close by. A typical situation might be when they feel a bowel movement coming on and require assistance with the toilet. An aide cannot be expected to remain next to the person being cared for every minute. They may have to go to the kitchen, for example, or take out the garbage. Or go to the kitchen to prepare a snack or take a break. I solved this problem with my little one by purchasing a wireless electric doorbell system. These units are relatively inexpensive and range from ten to thirty-five dollars. You can even make one yourself    quite easily.    The units come with two small push buttons and a bell or chime. The buttons are designed to transmit two different signals. One is engineered to be placed on the front door. The other on the rear. Because there are different signals you know which door the visitor is at. I mounted the push buttons on a piece of wood and a strip of velcro. The velcro costs about two dollars U.S.    I secured the companion piece of velcro on the side of her bed, next to the television (on a chair) and on the side of the wheelchair. Thus the two buttons could be moved easily from one location to the other. Similarly I mounted the small chime on a velcro plastic sheet. My little one thus had TWO buttons that would transmit a unique different signal throughout the house to call someone if needed. One I marked with RED as an emergency button. The other button sounded a different chime and meant \"come, but not immediately - I need something\". When taking her outside I carried the chime signal in my backpack, and attached the wood with the buttons to the side of the wheelchair. In the park the signal would transmit for about 1500 feet. Different units vary in range. Thus I could park my little one and go for a drink or water or use the facilities and she had the buttons to immediately signal me. In addition, as times she wanted to be left alone to look at the birds, for example, and I could remain close by watching her without being overly attentive. The units use small AA batteries."
