"My wife and I have been living with her mother for four years now.My FIL dies four years ago, and my MIL depended on him to do everything for her. She hasn't been shopping in fifteen years, and only leaves the house to see doctors or get her hair done. This by her own choice, and really boils down to laziness.She is 83 now, and her attitude is \"I worked hard all my life (about fifteen years, actually), and now I want to do what I want to do\".What she wants to do is lay in bed twenty two hours a day and have meals on a whim. Her husband catered to that desire for several years, and my MIL was often sick and bedridden because she was eating at odd hours and her medication schedule was completely messed up.He finally died prematurely from trying to care for her, and we took over. Since she gets around with a walker, it was not possible to move her in with us, so we moved in with her.The first thing we did was put her back on three meals a day, with snacks as wanted or needed. She hated that, and it is still a daily point of contention.She takes heart meds, SEVERAL pain pills, vitamins, and other meds I haven't paid enough attention to know about. The point is, most of her meds require food at the same time. If she is eating regular meals, it is much easier to give her the meds at the proper time and in the proper way.Her health has improved tremendously since being put back on a routine. However, she has started to develop dementia, and her short term memory is very bad.She has the most annoying tendency to look for the bad in everything. If it's a cloudy day, she wonders about the impending storm. If it's a sunny day, she wonders about the impending storm. if she asks about the grandkids, it always progresses into the negative, annoying, depressing things. \"Is she a good wife? (No) When will they get married? Does she cook for him?She looks for the bad in EVERYTHING, and then fleshes it out until I get quite annoyed. If we try to turn the conversation positive, she changes the subject and finds something else inoccuous to go on about how terible it is.She loves current events, because there is always some tragedy to    discuss. Every time some girl comes up missing it is a week of tongue clicking and speculation. The war, any war. Hillary Clinton. She hates her, and obsesses about what would happen if she gets elected. On and on and on.It sounds like I am bitter and totally unfit for my role in helping her, but all the negativity is getting very stressful. The fact that she forgets she has covered the same agravating Hillary rant twice today already does not make it any easier to listen to again.We are supporting her financially as well as caring for her. My wife does all the cooking, cleaning, bathing, etc., and her mother spends most of the day lying in bed watching TV. She could help a little, but she doesn't want to.Needless to say, she is not getting any exercise, and after almost three years of trying to get her to do simple exercises to keep her muscles from atrophying, we have given up.The reason I am posting this thread, ironically, is my concern for my wife. The stress that is oozing from my fingertips right now is nothing compared to what my wife is feeling.She wants to do what is best for her Mother, but the last four years have aged my wife considerably. She is getting less and less tolerant of her Mother's unwillingness to do anything that is good for her, and every meal turns into an argument about whether her Mother ate two bites, or three bites. Her mother acts like a child, and my wife treats her like one.This is not the way it should be. It is not the way it has been. But it is the way it is now.I act as a buffer and that helps, but the way my wife is reacting lately is not good, and she does not even see it happening. She needs more than time out with the girls or a weekend away. She needs a support group or something.She has spoken with someone at Human services, and someone from Hospice, and is going to be attending a support group for people who have lost their parents, but I'm not sure that is going to bear fruit.She has realized of late, and expressed to me, that she is angry at her Mother for killing her Father, which surprised me but also made perfect sense. Maybe the support group will be able to help her work that out.I'm not sure why I'm posting this.Maybe I'm looking for a support group?I could post three more posts this long to explain the entire situation, and maybe I will.Just looking for someone to talk to, I guess."
