"I have a 31 yr. old son that is very mentally ill plus he has substance abuse problems. I have been taking care of him during the last 10 mths. He has been hospitalized 4 times since December. Weeks at a time hospitalizations. And just this past Friday night I had to call 911. My son was heavily drinking. Police spent 2 hrs. doing an intervention. They were so amazing with him. Finally get him in the ambulance and about 8 hrs. later hospital is calling me to get my son. They did not keep him. I have had my son in counseling, group therapy and he has been on so many different meds. Nothing improves with him. But, this is not something new with my son. I have been struggling with his issues since a young teen. He is bipolar to the extreme. Yet, sees things that are not there...such as demons. Talks to them as well. This comes and goes. Actually the mental health care system is a joke. I researched our mental health care in this country. We got a D rating in the United States. And I certainly believe it.I could write a book on the experiences with my son over the years. He even did 5 yrs. here in a Kentucky State Prison. And mainly it was due to him being mentally ill, not taking his meds etc. The prison he was in was the state mental/medical prison for Kentucky. And I am a strong believer in this. No prison should have care of the mentally ill. My son has been bad off before, but since getting out of prison, he is only far worse. Even the police said the other night, that jails and prisons are no place for the mentally ill. The police here in the town I live, take intervention classes for when they are called to a situation with the mentally ill. I commend them highly on how well they handle the situation with my son.But, what my post is about now is myself. I too am bipolar. But, to a much lesser degree than my son. I am bipolar type one .And I was stable and had been for some long time. Yet, going through all this with my son now, I am just so very tired body and soul. I am 53 and have health issues as well. COPD and high blood pressure.I have taken care of the terminally ill as well. I cared for my Momma some months while she was terminally ill with pulmonary fibrosis. Approximately 3 to 4 yrs. ago. She passed away 4 months after a lung transplant. She though was a sweetheart of a patient. Sure it tore my heart out to know my Momma would probably die. But, this with my son is so much harder. I love my son most dearly. But, I am to the point, that I feel a hospitalization is in order for myself now. I have been hospitalized 5 times for my mental illness. Mainly during depression episodes. And I have no one to help me with my son. I have a husband but he is my son's step-father. But, my husband allows my son to live with us. Not many men would put up with that I don't believe. I have 2 other grown children, but they are not able to handle their brother. They love him but they have lives of their own as well.I am just at ropes end pretty much. And this son is counting on me. Which I got to be there for him. But yet, at what cost to my mental health and physical health."
