"Okay so my Dad has an accident the other day and ends up fracturing his shoulder but also had a bump on his head that warrented a CTScan which revealed an Aneurysm.    Which has really tore me up.    So they hospital sends him home (yes, that evening) and we wait and we wait... for the doctor to call to schedule appts for Dad.    So, in the meantime, I am at their house and notice Dad's feet are swelling and said to him that he should prop them up and my mom (who has always been my best buddy) says you need to quit being so bossy, he can take care of himself.    So, I bit my tongue and then after the doctor finally calls the day after the accident at 5 P.M. to tell us that he was going to schedule an appt. with the orthopedic doctor and that he felt the fracture needed to be dealt with first because the aneurysm wasn't a big deal (this doctor is my dad's cardiologist).    So, while he is telling my brother this on the phone, I ask Mom if we are going to get a second opinion considered this was coming from a cardiologist and that we should start looking for a good neurologist... wow, you would have thought I'd given myself over to the devil.... \"You need to quit telling us what to do, we are handling it, you are acting like a know it all\" and on, on... so I left... and it's been like that for the past 3 days.My brother lives 5 hours away and this weekend he and I and some friends were going to attend an event that I had been looking forward to for months.    At the hospital, my Mom says that I am really going to have to stay home and not go, which I said that was fine... I wasn't going to live either.    So, my brother had planned coming up yesterday and I thought well atleast he will come up this weekend... NOPE - He is going to the event and invited some of our family to go along. I guarantee that my family has told him that he doesn't need to come in, that they are fine... so why am I feeling so stressed out and overwhelmed with it all and he gets to live his life... I don't understand."
