"To: Everyone interested in this subjectI posted this infomation on a specific post, but then realized ALL caregivers need this information.    I cut and pasted my original information and started this new thread.First of all, know that I am an Occupational Therapist who works in home health and deal with this problem EVERY single day.    At the same time, I was a caregiver for my father for 6 years and now my mother for the past 12 years.    I have MUCH empathy and personal/professional experience that I could write non-stop for 24 hours per day 7 days a week and 365 days a year, but I won't bore you.    I'll keep this post short and highlight some pointers.Often times, people get caught up by trying to be good doers and quickly get in over their head.    The people we take care of have rights, but so do caregivers.    It usually comes down to power and control issues.Know:1) You must set clear boundaries as to what is acceptable and what is not acceptable.    Once set, there are no room for give and take.2) It's important to ask for help instead of trying to do everything yourself.    If other family members are involved and not pulling their share, then you must be specific in asking for help AND delegating specific tasks.3) If your spouse is involved everyone helping MUST be on the same page for the benefit of your relationship.    So, the two of you NEED to talk and agree on the situation at hand.NOTE:    Don't forget to make a date with your spouse to keep your relationship healthy, even if it's a date for a cup of tea and the ONLY goal is to focus on one another.    Also important for this to be non sexual or the main caregiver will feel this is ONE more thing they must do. I promise the intimacy will benefit if you do this.4) It's OK to say NO to unreasonable behavior and NOT feel guilty over setting limits especially if the person can't set it for theirself.5) Pick your battles carefully.    Choose over standing for the important things and let the non important things go for another day.    Usually, it's the no-important things that drive us absolutely nutz.6) Start slowly in making changes to benefit YOU.    Rome wasn't conquered in a day.    Start with one task at a time and the next day do a little more.7)    It's OK to ask for outside help with specific tasks, but this means you must let go and let someone else do the task..8) There is a book called the 36 hour day written specifically for caregivers.    It's a must have to read.9)    Most states have a respite care program.    Check with county/state/local aging centers for information.10) If the situation is so out of hand and you truly have had it, then talk to the doctor and put it in his/her hands.    If the doctor says this must be done, then it's out of your hands and it MUST be done.    Let the person be mad at the doctor and talk to them.    Know health care professionals deal with this ALL the time.    It really helps if we know that the caregiver wants intervention.    It's even more important that the recommendations be followed up if you seek our help.11) Learn how to unarm a power struggle before it becomes an issue.    There is much literature on the net and local library.I'll take my own advice and start slow with my suggestions.    Try these 11 things first, let me know how it goes.    I'll check back often now that I've found this site.Good luck,Reirei"
