"If you are involved in the care of an elderly person on Medicaid or Medicare you have to learn about so-called \"certificates of necessity\". You can get all kinds of discounted stuff (durable medical supplies) with such certificates. To find out exactly what, look up \"Coverage Issues Manual\" on the net and you will see about 600 items listed. Look this catalog over. Within reason, a physician will generally approve what you ask for. In order for the certificate to be issued there must be a face-to-face meeting with the patient. You can't get one on the telephone. Generally, there is a co-pay of about 20%. Some hard lessons I have learned is to obtain the certificate of necessity and then YOU select the equipment. What usually happens is that a \"care coordinator\" affiliated with the home-care service does this, and they all get kick-backs. If you get a certificate for a motorized wheelchair, for example, you have the choice of a dozen models and manufacturers.    Furthermore many items come in various sizes and colors. One can get electric chairs that enables someone to go from a sitting to a standing position from many manufacturers in many styles, colors and sizes. Don't let the care supervisor make this selection. You end up with a less than optimal wheelchair or chair from a manufacturer that gives them the best kickback. I was involved years ago in a great investigation of these kickbacks and I can assure you they exist. Don't let someone else make that choice. The other fact that isn't told is that you have a rent or buy option. In almost every case where the item is to be used for more than two years you are better off buying. The certificates have to be signed my a medicare enrolled physician or certified person. Not any physician can do so. Bear in mind that a window of opportunity exists formany items. For example, a motorized wheelchair may be approved for someone living at home, however as soon as they go to assisted living they may not get a certificate. So it pays to get the motorized wheelchair before entering such a facility."
