"Families, professionals, learner-friendly presentations, exhibits, and dynamic collaborative opportunities make up the focus of this conference which will include a chance to schedule interviews for the Caregiver/CareSeeker Match or Ask the Experts.    The practical nature of this event addresses pressing needs of families who are faced with the challenge of providing care to their parents at home. The conference needs companies that will form new partnerships that support through sponsorships and the exhibit of products and/or services beneficial to the elderly. Join us in Orange Park, Florida May 14-15, 2009. Be part of the conference that is for everyone by 'Bridging Resources with CareSeekers and changing the landscape of caregiving.The conference grew out of the role my siblings and I assumed in the care of our parents, especially Dad who had a progressive lung disease and a neurological disorder.    The challenges we faced seemed daunting.    Frequently, we asked the following questions:    \"What do I do?\"    \"How can I do everything and still provide the care Dad needs?\"    \"When do I take a break?\"     After many discussions with physicians, physician assistants, pharmacists and social workers, we realized that this seemed to be par for the course.    Even those in the medical profession who assumed the caregiving role of their parents indicated concern about the time commitment needed, finding quality caregivers and getting it all done in 24 hours.    In spite of all of the information available, many are not prepared to care for their parents in a seamless manner when reality hits that the parents' health and level of independence may be compromised.We found creative ways to organize each day, meet our parents' needs that sometimes changed within minutes and communicated info for their timely care with physicians and other caregivers.    We experienced the gamut of emotions as we experienced the constant changes in Dad who remained cognitively intact until he expired.    Many of the assessment and communication forms we created were included in the chapters I wrote about aging parents."
