"There are a few things to consider when visiting a severely debilitated friend or relative in a nursing home.(1) Make hand to shoulder or hand to wrist contact throughout the visit. Don't just stand near the end of the bed.(2) If you are thinking of things to bring, several soft fresh fruits - peaches, strawberries, bannanas (not hard) and not too many.(3) Think about bring as a gift an inexpensive chess set, checkers set or backgammon. There is a game room where the seniors can get these, but it often has limited hours, andf the number of sets are limited.(4) One of the re-current problems is that the seniors do not eat their food, and it is taken away after a short time. One of the reasons is that the kitchen help have to wash the dishes before the next meal. Having a supply of disposable containers to put food in to be enjoyed during the next hour after the meal is helpful. Do not bring washable plastic containers. They cannot be cleaned properly and will gum up the sink in the room. Obtain the small four-inch-by-four inch transparent salad containers (order on the net) and some plastic spoons and forks. And some hot-service cups for soups. The main entree, if not finished, can be placed in one of these containers and left on the tray over the patient. Then the staff can take asway the dishes for cleaning and sanitation. Do not put the food in a drawer. If it is not on the tray it should be thrown out.(5) Try to find a small battery-operated radio. Most homes have television, but not a radio. Many homes will ,object to a plug-in 115 volt radio that is kept on the bed.    You need a continuously tuned radio, preferably AM-FM with a rotating knob for tuning. The digital radios cannot be operated by the frail and stroke disabled. I am not a happy camper with the ear-plugs, which become lost rapidly. If the volume is kept low the radio can be placed on a pillow next to the ear. Talk-shows and easy-listening music are good ways to full up the empty hours. And, of course bring extra batteries.(6) Usually there are two to a room in nursing homes. Often one patient can walk while the other (your patient) is bedridden. If your mom or dad is very debilitated and the other person is not ask them to assist when you are not there. One of the biggest problems is hydration. The patient does not drink enough. You can ask them to continually offer small cups of juice or water to your bedridden loved one throuighout the day. The CNA's do not pay enough attention to this.(7) If there are two pair of eyeglasses make sure the ones for reading have different frames or are marked with tape. Usually nursing homes will provide eyeglasses for near and far, but will mount them in identical frames.(8) Think about obtaining large-print newspapers or reading material.(9) Talk to the CNA's and compliment them. In the summer bring them a dozen cans of ice-cold soda to the nursing station. Or a box of jelly donuts.    In winter order a large pizza for the staff. Monetary tips are inappropriate.(10) Bring some fresh-squeezed juice or your choise and some small plastic cups to share.(11) If you have to take a break while the staff cleans your loved one go down the hall and talk to the other patients. You will find many have not had visitors for months. Always ask the CNA if you can give them food or drink. Many have swallowing problems.(12) If there is an outdoor area where you can take your patient, ask the CNA for permission to do so whenever you visit in good weather. Avoid sunburn.(13) Try to spend a reasonable amount of time sitting next to the patient and holding their hand or wrist.(14)    Ask the patient what he/she would like you to bring for a treat next time. (i.e - fresh strawberries)(15) If you say you are going to visit on a certain day do not miss the day.(16) Tell the patient what the weather is outside, the time, the day and the year (if they are very debilitated). Mention a single big event of the day to taslk abouit that is not too controversial (sports, for example).(17) Find out the names of the CNA's and nurses that work the stations. And the physician, psychiatrist, physical therapist and nursing home administrator.    Do this quietly. Many re reluctant to provide this information.(18) If the patient is very debilitated perform some simple range-of-motion exercises with their hands and arms. There is never enough of this done.(19) avoid complaining to the staff unless absolutely necessary.(20) Do not ask the staff about the patient's medications or attempt to read the nurses notes. This always causes an issue. Although you may have a right to this it places the low level staff in a difficult position because they have been ordered to maintain patient privacy. If necessary make a specific appointment with the nursing home physician with your health care proxy to discuss these issues."
