"Hi all. I've only just found you. Can you not advertise your forum on other forums? Many of the people who post questions are caregivers but they're just asking med, condition type stuff. Anyway, writing from UK, have been looking after mum (90) for 13 years. Heart problems, blood disease, dementia, all the usual attendant difficulties.She never complains and is always thanking me. It makes me feel so bad because sometimes I'm thinking that did i really go to uni and go into a profession just to clean up wee and poo? Garden , ciggie, beat myself wth proverbial sticks and it doesn't feel so bad when i come in.i am so angry, so fuming, so frustrated and so helpless you cannot imagine. I feel like my head's about to blow apart.Firstly, we are ordinary people and have to rely on the authorities to give us help. I have carers to help me for a total of 3 hours a day and do the rest of the 21/7 on my own.Last week mum was rushed to emergency >resussitation. I had been up for    weeks, snatching sleep when i could. In the middle of this life and death activity, I was watching the stainless steel moving and the floor started rising towards me. I alerted a nurse before I collapsed.Mum now in hosp and I have been told it's enough now, I can't do it any more, it's too much for me. OK. I see that. I am mentally and physically exhausted. So i    asked the Community for more help. They were wonderful -    not.! more hour day and no night care atall! I'm devastated! I don't want my little mum to go into a nursing home, I can't bear the thought of it, but what can I do?    I haven't stopped crying for a week- I'm in bed re conking out - and haven't seen my mum. Plus, my sister's been to the hospital and they've mixes up all her meds. Can you imagine how I feel? I was on here for 3 hours last night writing to the hospital. I told them my mum does not need any help up the Stairway to Heaven thank you, she's in there so we'll have her a bit longer. They've given her aspirin even though i gave them a list in big red writing of all her allergies, Stopped her heart meds which keep her going, refuse to put sides on the bed and I nearly burst a blood vessel when I heard she'd fallen out of bed.So, anyone out there who can tell me how to cope with placing my little mum in care? also, anyone know any UK laws re. this joke of a *** hospital?And, whoever believes, please send me peaceful thoughts cos I am exhausted but the adrenalins going re. all the hosp stuff and i am so so agitated. Thanks in advance"
