"I decided to check the forums, see if there was a spot for people caring for an elderly parent. I won't go into a long winded story but briefly I'm an only child so no help from siblings. My Dad died over 3 years ago and my husband and I have had to step in to help. My mom is 83 yo, very negative, manipulative and critical. According to 2 psychologists she is BPD, a personality disorder that I won't go into. Needless to say I don't feel a lot of warm fuzzy feelings for her but I can't ignore her either. It would just be too cruel. But I've learned to keep some boundaries up to protect my own emotional health after a lifetime of being treated not very nicely.As I said she is 83, according to all the doctors she's seen, she is in fairly good health for someone her age. According to her she has hundreds of things wrong with her. I've been keeping a personal journal of her behavior: forgetting things, times of confusion, not knowing what time of day it is, losing her money, etc. Overall she is not doing well at taking care of herself in terms of eating (just candy, cookies, stuff she buys from Taco Bell and TV dinners). She has trouble understanding her bills and is now 6 months behind on her bank statement. She refuses any help in the home when we've offered. At the doctor's office she does quite well at chit chat and can be funny for those 15-20 minutes. But daily living is taking a toll on her.When do you know that it's time for a parent to go to assisted living? How do you do it? You can't just tie them up and move them. I've thought of sharing my notes with her doctor but they don't trust me either. She's led them to believe that we're taking financial advantage of her. We were quite open with Adult Protection Services and they understood it was her way of getting attention. We have no involvement with her finances at all. But now things are awkward with her doctor. She refuses to consider assisted living, swears she'll be raped there. Needless to say I'm very tired. And I never know from one day to the next whether she will like me or hate me."
