"Dry erase boards are wonderful for communication with the stroke-disabled elderly, especially those with hearing problems and speech disorders. Many stroke-disabled elderly are very frustrated because people do not communicate with them. I have used them with people who could only move one hand. You can ask a question and write (Squeeze my hand once is yes. Twice is no.) When my mother passed she was a quadraplegic who could only move one finger and because of a tracheotomy could not talk, but could answer questions with the dry-erase board by moving her one finger to touch my hand or blink her eyes.    I am still crying about the loss of one of those I took under my wing this month (Claudine), however another (Inez) is 108 years old and going strong. If you have aids they have to be instructed to use the dry erase boards frequently or they will not. The dry erase boards are useful in encouraging decision making on the part of the patient. I like to give three choices. For example \"Want to go out to te park? Underneath I print, \"Yes\", \"no\", or \"later\". By the same token don't just bring a beverage. Write on the board: \"Want orange or tomato?\"    Use the boards to enable menu selection: \"Do you want fish or pasta\" \"pea soup or chicken noodle soup?\"The boards are especially useful in diagnosing medical problems or discomfort. \"Is the pain in the left arm?\" (\"yes\" or \"no\"). Is the pain \"very bad\" or \"not so bad\". Or you can use the old one to ten system of describing the intensity of pain. Without use of the dry erase board it is virtually impossible to make a differential diagnosis. In the morning have the aid write the date and if something special is happening. For example: \"The foot doctor is coming today.\" If you have an aid when you come in inspect the board to insure is is being used that day for communications. Make sure the writing is in bold two-inch high clearly formed printed form. This fact may seem obvious, but is is not. Say nothing and the aids will communicate with script or poorly formed letters or half-inch high letters. Arghh. Common sense, apparently, is not all that common. You need two boards. One for the room and another small one to tuck into the carry bag on the wheelchair. And of course non-toxic pens in bold colors, preferably the large ones. Inez used to like to try her hand at drawing on the board and I used it for rehabilitative hand therapy. I had to place the marker in her hand and she could only make lines with difficulty. The boards and markers are very inexpensive and available a many stores. Staples always seems to have a good selection."
