"my mother has a rare type of cancer called adenocarcinoma with spindle cell (sarcomatoid) differentiation. it all started in her pancrais, spread to her liver lungs and threw out her stomach. she got diagnois jan. 13 2012. today i sit across from her wishing we werent going threw this i am her care giver and it is soooo hard to put a smile on my face when i no i only have a few hrs to days left with her. this so breaks my heart. im losing my mother and haveing to see her in pain sometimes breaks me even more. i am 26 years old i still can not believe we are going threw this my brother told me today its not like he matters because i am who she yells for or wants. resured him she loves him its just ive been there takeing care of her since all this happened. i packed my bags a moved out from my husband and 3 children i bearley even see anymore. sad thing is all i can think about right at this moment is i wont have my best friend anymore and i feel so lost. so crushed i feel like i cant hold it together anymore everyone around me feels as though they are falling apart and are drinking which leaves me who doesnt drink to care for her 24 7 but that also has to do with she only wants me. life doesnt seem fair right now. and i can question god why hed take her away from me but he has his reasons just hope its a good one because thats my mother. i no words or anything anyone says wont make my pain go away but i just hope someone reads this and does what they can to make thier mother or ect. the happiest ever before they die. i hope my mother is proud of me which i no she is for what ive done for her. i no at times u want to scream back. but its the pain talking stand ur ground they are right we dont no what they r going threw or how they feel. i am going to go to school when im ready to be a Rn. thanks to my mom who took my fear away i was scared of ports needles and meds. well thats been checked off the list my mother was my first. i will miss you so much everyday mom. really wish chemo worked. it happened all to fast."
