"My wife and I have been raising out 4 yr old grand daughter since Sept 2008. She was 2 yrs old at the time. In april 2009 she was dianosed with ostrea Sarcome(Bone Cancer). We were devestated, and we were really torn with deseasons that we were having to make almost immediately. She treatement plan was to go through Chemo for 34 weeks, and have her left leg amputated in 10 weeks. My wife kept working throught all of this and I was the care taker who would spend 5 - 6 days and nights at the hospital. My wife would come at the evenings and spend the weekend threre. During all of this, I was taught to do things that the nurses were trained to do. Things that were paingful to our grand daughter. But I did them reguardless, because it was the right thing to do. Our granddaughter hated me for this. Verballly and physically. Most of the time she would tell me to leave and that I was mean. Over time it really got to me that I just wasnted to quite. But I love her and could not stop. We have been home now since January. She still continues to see me as the bad guy. Most other times she loves me and loves to play with me. Still I want to run and give up. The real problems is that my wife is the opposite. She allows her to do things that I say no too. This makes our grand daughter see me as what he says doesn't matter. Grandma will give me that. I'm mad at both Grandma and granddaughter. I've read that younger children will do things because they don't understand. That we are supposted to respond with a positive answer, and explain to them why we are doing it. But the hurt and angry that she throws at me really hurts. I feel like I've stopped my life to take care of her and she owes me. That really sounds bad, But that's how I feel. Don't get me wrong, I would do it all over again if I had to. I love her to pieces and if God or whoever could give me her issues, I would take them in a minute. she is too young to have to go through what she is going through.I'm very tired. We spend 5 days a week driving 30 minutes each way to doctors appt. Usually 1 to 2 hours at the appointment. Then 30 min back. Not to include getting her dressed and breakfest. Then I take her to school, Then I go to work and work 8 hours. There is not enough hours in a day, and not enought days in a week. I'm very tired.I'm just complaining. Looking for someone out there with simular issues, and maybe some suggestions on how I can handle life alittle betterThanks for listening. Share this:Facebook Myspace Twitter Member Comments (3)"
