"It's been a difficult 4+ years since my Dad died and we've been trying to take care of my mom (now 84). She's always been extremely volatile: critical, negative, manipulative. But as her only child (she disowned her other child whom she left with the bio father) her care has been my concern. It's been hard since for a few weeks she'll think we (my husband and I) are terrific, what would she do without us. Then she'll turn on one or both of us, getting very angry. At times she'll say: don't call, don't come over but with no explanation. Then within a few days she'll act like everything is just fine.Last week was horrid with her making accusations against me to my husband. When he tried to defend me, she blew up. I had a talk with her on Sunday and it was uncomfortable since this is the first time in my life I pushed back a bit, not rude or disrespectful but I did push to discuss the things she had said about me. She seemed OK, we went out to do errands and eat lunch as I do twice a week with her (she doesn't drive).Today I called (I call her as well 2-3 times a week). She insisted that she \"can't do this any more\", she's miserable, her life is a mess, she enjoys my company but doesn't want me to ever come over again. We talked for a bit more, I tried to understand what she was trying to say but it didn't make sense. She insisted that I don't come over. I told her I didn't agree but I would respect her wishes since I didn't want to cause her any misery. She said she loved me and hung up.Although she's been angry before and told us to buzz off, this sounded very final. The first thing I did was call her doctor's office. This is way more than I can handle and felt it was time to involve a professional. The nurse (fantastic woman) called me back and we had a great discussion. She's agreed that she's seen a downward spiral since my Dad died and she will talk with the doctor tomorrow. They will deal with this. She did say I could try calling my mom on Sunday, see if she's cooled down.Long story actually but I've kept it as brief as I can. Is there anything else I should be doing?"
