"Last week it all caught up with me.    I did not even recognize exhaustion until it was full blown. I had been communicationing with my father's primary care physician, cardiologist, dermatologist, getting medications coordinated, talking with the nurses in my father's building who dispense his medication, a visiting nurse (Dad had been in heart failure), a private nurse who checks in on Dad weekly, mostly due to ptsd from WWII and the dementia, and a CNA who visits one afternoon a week to try to get him out of his apartment. Nearly all his mail comes to me, but last week I found a bill in his apartment for a magazine he subscribed to that renews automaticly. I had to take care of that and because his doctor's office will only send correspondence to the patient, I had to send documentation from his insurance company, along with my power of attorney, to get the office to call me with any appointment reminders and pre-op instructions. I was also grieving the loss of the father I used to know.    The one who kept himself maticulously neat and clean.    Most of the time I can accept what's happening to Dad, but last week was really hard. Luckily, my husband and I were able to get away for a few days, but that can't always happen. I need to learn to take care of myself better.    Any suggestions? My father has vascular dementia. He lives in an independent living situation about 30 miles from me.    Last week, when I arrived to take him for a doctor's appointment, I stepped in a puddle on the kitchen floor. Discovering a major leak under the sink, I called maintenance.    While the worker was trying to make temporary repairs, the toilet overflowed. Dad was like a little child.    He didn't know what to do.    My heart went out to him. I explained that the maintenance people would take care of everything.    He was very mellow and accepted that. I don't know what would have happened if I wasn't there. Soon we were on our way to our appointment.    Dad did not know where we were, why or where we were going. He forgot that he has skin cancer on his head.    He will be having Moh's surgery next week.    From what I've been told the cancer was probably made worse because Dad's answer to curing all lesions is to use hydrogen peroxide which from what I understand can kill healthy cells that might combat the cancer.    Both the dermatologist and the surgeon said that the cancer might be very deep.    The surgery involves taking layers of skin and examining them under a microscope while the patient waits.    If there is still cancer present the procedure is repeated over and over until its gone. Microscopic findings can take up to an hour each time. I am trying to think of things to keep Dad occupied during that time. Any suggestions? It just occurred to me that he just might fall asleep inbetween. He sleeps alot. Other that talking about his childhood and the army, I might have difficulty engaging his interest."
