"I am 69 and live alone. I am very confused som etimes, for instance taking my pants down and urinating on my chairlift instead of using it to go upstairs to the loo,putting my hand into a pan on the stove to see if the water was boiling (it was) buying things I dont want on tv and in shops, forgetting how to cook a meal, problems reading a book as I forget what I have read on the previous page, stumbling about as though I were drunk (I dont drink) confused speech, constantly wanting to sleep.    I have neither friends nor family, and have no social life as I dont drink, cannot afford the theatre, and am disabled so I cannot walk more than a few yards, so I cannot go on coach trips and holidays where I might make friends, and there are no evening classes where I live.    I get frightened when I hear noises outside at night.    I am in constant, dreadful pain from 2 hip operations and have morphine for spinal pain which affects my mobility.    I live on a state pension, and cannot afford the food I am told I MUST eat.    I have hobbies; making jewellery for a charity shop, and I used to be quite a good painter, but I forget how to do that and make dreadful messes now.    I love embroidery, but my sight is not very good now, but I manage to make birthday cards etc. for the charity shop.    I can go for weeks on end and not see a single person to talk with (I cant walk round the supermarket, so have to get my shopping delivered monthly by Tesco)    Depression has been with me all my life; I have tried to commit suicide twice.    I am reasonably intelligent, quite well-read and have worked as a Civil Servant, a credit controller, a nurse and in an accounts department; none of which I could even attempt now.    Sometimes, like today, I am quite lucid, tomorrow I may be a stumbling incoherent old fat woman whom everyone laughs at assuming drunkeness!!!!    How can I do what medics tell me???\"Take plenty of exercise\" they say, knowing full well that sometimes I cannot even walk to the end of my road, 10 yards away \"Go out and make friends\" they say     -HOW!!!!!, when most of the time I am housebound \"Oh youre just being defeatist\" I am told- not true,    just know what I can and cannot physically do, and \"go for a nice long walk\" doesnt enter into it. Hello world.........    Anyone else out there????????This discussion is related tohaving early signs of memory loss."
