"I have looked for a forum that was patient based and all I can find are ones for caregivers, so I'll share my thoughts with you guys and maybe you can tell me if those you care for are going thru the same thing.Do the patients have head rushes?    The head rushes is what started everything in 1992.    Experienced them again in 94 and 96.    2002 saw them escalate to the point I became disabled.    In 2006 I was diagnosed with Alzheimers.    I was put on meds that almost killed me.    I experienced rapid weight loss, became weak and feeble, horrible head rushes, loss of balance, loss of motor skills, horrible nightmares, inability to sleep, inability to think clearly.    Those are the main ones I can think of.    I tried to explain to the doctor what I was experiencing and was told I most likely had a virus and to not stop taking the meds.    I tried for almost a month to stay on them, then stopped.    Ironically, everything went back to normal with the exceptions of the head rushes, which the doctor had said were mini seizures.The head rushes bring on the depression.The head rushes bring on the anger.The head rushes bring on poor balance.The head rushes bring on poor concentration and inability to perform.The head rushes bring on limited motor skills.I keep trying to figure out what part of that the neuro-dudes, as I affectionately call them, don't understand.If there are meds for grand mal-seizures, then why not for mini seizures?I have come to believe that Alzheimers is a blanket diagnosis given to we, the elderly, when doctors basically don't have a clue.    Alzheimers, as currently defined, pretty well covers everything we might experience as we age.    Doctors use us day in and day out as test subjects on behalf of the drug industry.    You don't think so?    Ever heard this?    Doctor says, \"Try this med, and if it doesn't work, we'll \"try\" something else.\"    With TRY being the definitive word here.    TRY is basically an experiment.    If something doesn't work, then TRY something else.That theory is fine until it comes to the human body.The neuro-dudes can't tell me why I'm still articulate, still have the ability to operate complicated software used in graphics arts and the world of publishing or the most important question of all......    why I know.    I know when I've made a mistake and know how to correct it.    I know when the head rushes are getting ready to start.    I know that they last for days at a time.    I know when my words are wrong and immediately correct them.Let me hear from you guys please as to whether the ones you care for are experiencing the same things, perhaps it will better help me accept this or to continue to fight it."
