"my father was diagnosed with altimizers about 4 years ago he also had heart and lung problems he went for a check up on 10-30-2007 .the doctors report stateed he was doing ok and he would reveluate him in 2or 3 months.after the exam my father was taken outsiede to the waiting room while his wife and her son talked to the doctor about putting him in a nursing home.my father has 3 children i am the oldest . his wife and her son are no relation to us. the doctor advised them he would not put him into a nursing home unless he were to get alot worse because at this time he only had shot spells of memory loss but he still knew all his family and still had a good appitite.he was on oxygen 24/7 after returning home from the doctor he was as normal as he could be for his condition. at1400hrs on10-30-2007 his wife called me and said he had fallen in the floor and would not get up. i arrived at my dads at about 1415hrs as he is only a couple mile away.at this time he was in the floor playing like a child. my wife called 911 . i ask how long he had been like this and his wife said that her son who lives 20 miles away had been there all night and had just gone home .she said my fathetr had been like this al night . the emts arrived at around 1500 hrs checked his vitals and ask why his oxygen was down so low the then turned it up to 5. he was then transported to the hospital while trying to treat my father in the er his wifes son walked in and my father    became very angry with him and even ball up his fist and told him toget out and not to touch him .he went out into the er waiting room when i came out he was on the phone with the nursing home i know because i ask him who he was talking to when he told me i became very upset and told my father was not going to a nursing home . my wife call my fathers doctor and he exsplained that my dad was to stay in the hospital.and that he could not be moved to a nursing home without an order from him. the next day my father developed phuenomia the doctor came in and spoke to me and his wife she had dnr oaoers but had not signed them. again i was upset . the doctor exsplained that even if the phuenomia were treated and got better his quality of life would be 10 times worse than before .at this time i was going to sign the papers but she grabbed them and sign them . myfather was taken off life support later that day and past away on11-1-2007.i need to know if his oxygen had been cut down or off for several hours could this have made his condition bad enough to where they thought they could have him put into a nursing home."
