"My father is 72.    In the past 12 years, his history is this (in chronological order): 2 small heart attacks, diabetes, high blood pressure, colon cancer, TIA, mets to the liver, shingles.Last August he had a liver resection for the mets, and has had 9 chemo treatments as of the end of March.    After his 8th treatment he went into congestive heart failure, was treated with lasics (sp?) and was fine.    After the 9th treatment he had some trouble breathing again so we gave him more lasics, and he was fine.    About four days later he broke out in shingles.    He was prescribed Valtrex, which made him slurr his words, so we took him off that, and he was on vicodin for the pain, taking on average 1.5-3 pills daily (don't know the dosage but the prescription said 1 tablet every 4-6 hours).Then he had a brain event.    He couldn't speak.    He was making sounds, but couldn't form words.    And he started getting confused, didn't know what a pen was, and when we told him, didn't know what to do with it.    When he could speak again, he couldn't find words.    He was hallucinating or delusional or something, thought it was 1990, etc.    The first neurologist said possibly seizures, possibly a tumor in the brain.    She mentioned wernike's ephasia (sp?).    He was in the hospital for a week, and had two ct scans, a ct scan with contrast, an MRI, and an LP, after which the second neurologist said it definitely wasn't ephasia, and, further, that they could find nothing wrong.    His carotid is partially blocked, but not enough to cause the problems.So he was discharged with a possible diagnosis of TIA, or possible drug interaction (the chemo, blood pressure meds, sugar meds, etc), and was prescribed pt and/or ot for the shingles, which has left his right hand nearly useless.Then he had an episode this morning.    My mother woke up and found him gone from the house.    He'd taken the car and didn't leave a note.    She went out looking for him.    He wound up at the Cablevision store five towns away, trying to buy a car.    He eventually asked the lady behind the counter to call his wife, my mother.    That's how we found him.    He'd had a minor accident, hit a pole somewhere, so he says, and broke the mirror.    Since he's been home his words are jumbled, he gets confused.    Earlier he had taken a bath and when he came out he had put his pajama top on as pants, with his legs thru the sleeves.All of these mental problems have come about in the past month or so, which seems sudden to me.    I was wondering if anyone has had similar experience, or even a possible diagnosis.    There were NO mental problems before the shingles, no memory loss, no trouble speaking, no forgetting words, nothing.    Since then he's a mess.    Any ideas would be greatly appreciated.    Thanks"
