"My father has vascular dementia.    Up until now he has lived in a senior independent living situation.    Recently, his symptoms have become more severe.    He used to spend alot of time sleeping in his favorite chair.    Now he sometimes doesn't bother to get out of bed.    One day he called me to say he needs to go into a home, that he needs some one to take care of him.    It was very sad. The first time, I looked into it for him and called him back.    He acted like I was crazy and told me he has everything he needs right where he is. He calls me sad like that about once a week.    Where he lives now, nurses come in twice a day to give him his meds. Another nurse comes in once a week to evaluate him.    He is sometimes in heart failure.    He also has post traumatic stress disorder from being in World War II.    She counsels him with that and keeps an eye on his symptoms of dementia. A CNA visits once a week.    She was helping him with socialization.    She would take him for walks, play pool or cards, and have lunch with him. Now he won't cooperate at all.    I think he is depressed.    The geriatric pyschiatrist, who sees him for about 15 min. once a month, thinks that he feels lost and in despair and needs assisted living.    Dad still is able to wash up, dress himself.    He shaves (somewhat) and cleans his dentures.    I heard that moving a dementia patient will only send them down hill more quickly.    I have to admit that when he stares off into space it scares me.    This happens when I ask him things like \"would you like juice or coffee?\" (I'm learning to say things like \"Lets have coffee.\" to which he only has to answer \"ok\".) Dad does not know how to use the stove, microwave or coffeemaker any more.    He doesn't have the muscle strength to wander. Although I live a distance away, I visit 3 times/week, make sure he has groceries, take him out to eat, go for a little ride in the car, etc.    He is not a danger to himself or others.    So what would assisted living do for him? I think it might make him feel more lost.    Does anyone have experience with this?    Any comments would be helpful. Thanks."
