"Hi all,I've been on medhelp for quite some time on the wonderful MS support group.But recently we've gotten the shocking news that my mother may have Alzheimers and I am not nearly well educated on this, but feel its progressing so quickly, it may be related more to her diabetes being out of control.    She has lost 40 pounds in the last 6-8 months.    I was with her last week trying to get an emergency geriatric psych eval, but no luck.    Took her to the doctor she has seen for years and even tho the weight loss is akncolwedged, they were more concerned about more tests, then revisiting her meds.     I feel that her taking meds for diabetes, high blood pressure and congential heart failure for someone who was 40 lbs heavier is a huge mistake.She was not monitoring her sugars, nor taking her meds regularly, but once she came back up here with family, we started her on the med regimen as directed / orginally prescribed and started seeing her condition get drastically worse.    She had two episodes of sugars crashing, once to 21 and she was rushed to the hospital (where she remains) and then the following morning at the hospital, it was a 7 (yep that is a single digit).     They have removed her from all meds to let everything clear her system, but her dementia has gone from just forgetting a conversation 5 minutes ago to now seeing kids in the 'backyard' and them trying to break into the sliding screen door.    My brother is out on the front porch (outside her hospital door) talking to neighbors and sounds like kids are fighting int he street (hallway).    Even more terrifying to me, she thought it was 1975 and swore my dead brother had just left from visiting and she spoke to my father earlier (dad died in 1976).     She is also seeing cats everywhere (we recently had to surrender many of her cats, she was turning into the crazy cat lady with a shocking number of 16 in the house).     That was the trigger that made her flee WV with the cats in a van and drive to Baltimore.    We had the cats surrendered to a safe shelter, tho she thinks they got out of her van, doctors say to let her beleive they escaped, no need to confront her with a truth that will only agitate her worse.So, any thoughts....    does such a quick decline sound like anyone's experience with Alzheimer?     I know diabetes has its own mess of dementia and even bouncing around with meds can cause her to have paranoia behavior or see things.     But the doctors are leaning towards alzheimers and I just don't know enough to accept or fight that logic.    I always thought of Alzheimers as being a long slow painful process...    She is perfectly functional at moments, having conversations with me about events of the last week, then in the middle of it, she will start whispering that the boys are outside fussing with the windows again.Any thoughts or experiences would be appreciated.    I know no one here can say it's definitely this or that...    just looking for input on what experiences people here have had...     and as always on medhelp, looking to vent and know we're not alone dealing with this situation!!!Thank you for reading!!Jen"
