"My grandmother is 80 years old, and is in late stage Alzhiemer's Disease. Almost four weeks ago, she somehow broke the proof lock to the laundry room, and accidentaly drank around 5oz. of Pine Sol Cleaner. Poison control was immediately called, and they said to watch her closely and if she starts to vomit within the next hour, she must go to Emerg. She started vomitting within the hour. Her having late stage Alzhiemer's, she looked much like she did not know how to vomit. I had her crouched over so she wouldn't choke while vomitting. While this was happening I called 9-1-1. After about 5-7 minutes of vomitting a frothy yellow-ish type substance, she passed out. She went totally limp and was completely passed out and un-responsive. The paramedics arrived and bagged her immediately, hooked her up to the vital monitor, and she was in fact breathing, but still un-responsive to sound or painful stimuli. Upon arrival to the ER I was not able to go into the room but they started working in her immediately. The doctor informed us that she is very ill, and may not survive. Shortly after arrival she was intubated & hooked up to a breathing machine & transferred to the intensive-care unit. The doctor believed she aspirated the vomit, causing the chemical to enter her lungs. Her intubation tube was being suctioned every 2-3 hours in the ICU, with Pine Sol coming out of her lungs each time. She was on Propofol IV drip (sedation) 24/7 while intubated. Her vitals remained stable, with her oxygen stats at 98-100%, a normal BP, and Heart Rate. She was un-intubated on the 4th day in ICU. She woke-up and was 100% responsive to sound and stimuli. She was having conversations, and sitting up in a wheel chair. She was also eating full meals. This lasted for 2 days. After 2 days, her heart rate and BP started to rise, and she became very agitated, and was having a hard time breating. At this point, the doctor put her on a Bi-Pap machine, which forces air into the lungs via a mask put over the nose/mouth. This did not work well. It also caused her abdomen to become swollen and expand. After a day of this, she had to be re-intubated. Once again, put on heavy sedation and completely un-responsive. She has now been intubated ever since. Vitals remaining stable. Today, she went in for a tracheostomy surgery, because her intubation tube must come out to avoid damage to vocal cords and such. Her surgery went well and now she's back in ICU hooked-up to the breathing machine via the trache. She's being fed through a tube through the nose (which is going to also need to come out soon and put through her abdomen instead, to avoid nasal damage). A few days before her surgery while intubated she was taken off the IV Propofol drip at 8AM, and by 5PM she still hadn't woken up. IV drip sedation is short-acting and wears off in 10 minutes. She had a cat scan and did not show any brain damage upon original arrival to the hospital.I've researched this, and it seems like she didn't ingest enough Pine Sol to have all of this happen. 5oz is a very little amount, and i'm very concerned as to why she isn't waking up when taken off the IV sedation drip, and why she still isn't able to breath on her own. Right now she's on 35% oxygen, for every breath the machine takes, she takes one. Without the machine, her heart rate went up into the almost 200's, and her BP sky-rocketed. Why is this happening? Why can't she breathe on her own still? and why didn't she wake-up off the IV sedation drip? Please, can any doctor provide me with information?Thank you."
