I have had memory / fatique / irrability problems for a few years, within the last year it has gotten worse. First I went to a cardiologist who found \Moderate Myocardial Bridging of the proximal and left antirior decending\ coronary arteries. But he did not feel it related to my memory problems.Next I went to a neurologist, I have the results of an MRI and this has to do with my question (if you could tell me in laymans terms what it means?)I also had a EEG, EMG, NCS, but don't have those results yet.Neuropsychological test said \her memory functioning is in the borderline demented range..\Here is the MRI report...\A few areas of high signal can be seen in the convexity white matter.The distribution and location carry a differential diagnosis ofMinimal white matter microvascular ischemic disease or Vasculitis.Multiple sclerosis is included in the differential diagnosis, but less likely.The distribution pattern is atypical for a demyelinating disease.Contrast enhancement pattern is satisfactory. Diffusion imaging is unremarkable. The pituitary is not enlarged. The paranasal sinuses appear satisfactory.Some scattered minimal foci of hyperintense signal can be seen in the peripheralsupratentorial white matter on FLAIR axial imaging.Differential diagnosis is minimal microvascular disease versus vasculitis. A demyelinating disease such as multiple sclerosis is listed in the differential diagnoses, but is considered unlikely. The presentation is atypical for this. No other findings.\Thank You !!!!!! I have been worried about it and don't have my followup appointment until next week.PS I am only 43I have a 65 year old grandma that is having siezures with auras and has memory loss. However she is aware of her memory loss. Leading me to think she may have vascular dementia that is affect a part of the brain and triggering the siezures and memory loss. None of her doctors have been able to tell her what is wrong. Currently they have her on medication that is making her loose weight. The memory loss usually follows a siezure and sometimes she shows no sign of a siezure but has an aura. Is it more important to control the siezure. or focus on the memory loss?
My father is in the final stages of dementia. He can no longer hold anything or walk. He quit speaking about 4 years ago. I just was recently told that he no longer chews. This has been for about 6 weeks. His food is thickened so he can swallow it. He has lost about 20 pounds in 5 months. His albumin level is 2.7, and 2.5 is sometimes the criteria for hospice care. My question is, how much longer before he loses his ability to swallow? He has aspirated a few times, but no pneumonia, even though there is fluid in his lungs. I would appreciate any help anyone can give me, any time guidelines, though I know each case is different. I have children and a very stressful job and live far away, and it is hard to be there until close to his death. Thank you all so much.
My dad is in hospital, he has dementia, he has been prescribed quetiapine an antipsychotic drug and mirtazapine an antidepressive.    Does anyone know why he is being given these drugs?
Hello, my Mom and I live with and have been taking care of my Grandma who has dementia. She sleeps most of the day sitting in a recliner and often she wakes up completely startled and begins crying eventually.    She usually thinks someone told her she was bad and is being kicked out of her house but can't remember what she did. (No one has told her anything like this ) or she is thinking about her parents or sister who has passed away,    or she is worried that the animals are going to starve to death. Anyway,    when she thinks negatively it is accompanied by a constant feeling of being extremely cold (even when the house is roasting and she has a hot water bottle and blankets covering her),also she will start saying 'Ouch! Ouch!' and touching her fingertips saying that it feels like something is biting her or like electric shocks. Sometimes it is even going down her arms and in her armpits. My question is is this something that is related to the dementia? Is it normal or something else?    We have wondered sometimes if it is a heart problem but the doctors have looked at her arteries and seem to think everything is fine. Also electric shock is usually nerve related isn't it?
I want to know if anyone else knows of any Gulf War (the 1st one) Veteran who has Progressive Dementia and Cerebral Atrophy.    My husband turns 40 on 10/16.. he also has had a a mini stroke, possible while I was in Australia recently to get my daughter.Our local VA has a great Neurologist we see, but her hands are tied by the system.    We really need a PET scan to see more.I see we have people from the Cleveland Clinic on here.. anyone willing to take up his case?It is so sad to see my young husband going through this.Any advice et is extremely welcome.I am a psychology assistant working with people with learning disabilities and Dementia.We are currently using an assessment tool called the Dementia questionnairre for people with Learning Disabilities (DLD), but I would like to start using the CAMDEX-DS.    Does anyone know whether there are scoring criteria for the CAMDEX? As we have bought the tool but cannot find anything on how to decide whether the change in scores over time is significant.    Thanks for any help,Faye.
I'm a 30 yr old, otherwise healthy male. Over the period of the last four or so    months, I've become increasingly confused, and muddled. My short term memory has become very poor, my balance feels wobbly, and I'm getting muscle twitching pretty much everywhere constantly throughout the day.Whilst I can still type, and convey myself in text, verbally I can't think of what to say half the time, especially when posed a question, and when I do say something, it frequently comes out jumbled, or in the wrong words.To date, I've seen both a psychiatrist, and a neurologist, neither of whom thought I had a mental health or a neurological problem. As I've become more and more withdrawn socially over this time, mainly due to feeling increasingly confused and muddled, when leaving my flat, I've just been told I've got some sort of anxiety disorder going on, coupled with depression.What none of the doctors I've been to see so far, seem to have taken note of, is that I've only become withdraw since I started to feel so confused all the time, and not vice versa. Because of this, I'm a bit worried something has been missed.Currently, I don't feel like I know what I'm doing half the time, and just wandering about in a daze like, drunken state, which scares the hell out of me that I've got some sort of dementia like disease?My mum has a stint in the opening of the pancreas to stop it closing off, this has been caused through rispererdone and quetiapine.    Mum is now suffering pain in the lower left side of her back and is bleeding intermittenly from the bowel. There are also a number of tablets involved now as MUM HAD A NEAR FATAL REACTION TO QUETIANE and went into heart defib also increasing her dementia from mild to moderate. Up until then my mother had not been on tablets for any length of time and was very fit.Should I be looking at the tablets, the stint, or something more serious. Regards Trish
I'm a 28 year old male, i've had anxiety and ocd for 17 years. About 3 years ago i drank alot one night and in the morning my ability to articulate my thoughts was not good. I never recovered completely from that. For the last year i've been doing alot better and my brain has been working well. But 2 weeks ago i was smoking a cig and i felt out of breath my heart was pounding and i was very lightheaded. I felt very spaced out since this happened plus my memory and thinking ability has been diminshing. I went to the er 2 days ago and of course the doc dismised it for anxiety. Well my memory and problem solving skills are not going back to were they use to be. I'm afraid i had a stroke which caused brain damage, or could this be an early onset dementia. I hope someone could give me advice Thanks.
Hello: In September 2005 I suffered a massive brain hemorrhage and hemorrhagic stroke. I underwent two brain surgeries: one to clip two ruptured aneurysms and one to install a permanent shunt to remove blood and cerebro-spinal fluid from my intracranial cavity. While I have experienced some recovery in some areas, MY SHORT-TERM MEMORY and sequencing abilities are severely diminished.I have been recently tested for Vascular Dementia by neuropsychologists at the local Medial Center (UC Davis Medical Center, Sacramento, CA). The results have not yet been provided to me; however, I expect to receive a DX at the end of the month.What options (pharmaceutical or otherwise) are normally employed to treat vascular dementia? Thank You So Much! I feel that my memory is growing steadily worse and am quite worried. Any information will be appreciated.BRAIN2005My mom been diagnosed with dementia 1 year ago. She's on Aricipt & Namada - and hasn't had any problems with the meds (on them for the year).She's lately been sleeping most of the day. She gets up, has coffee, then goes back to bed and can sleep until almost dinner time. Is she going into the advanced stage? What can we expect?
My sister in law had a heart surgery a month ago.Recovering was connected to severe complications (lung infection becouse of ventilation,inability of breathing.. )so she was under the anestesia about 25 days.Immediately after waking strange things were happening such as seeing people that were not there,talking about events that were not happened.We thought that was teporarily but it has been    about 20 days she is awoken but can not remember past events,she did not know    reason she was in the hospital (we told her),forgot we visited her there,she thought her older sister was dead,convinced something has happened that is not true.....Could you, please, tell me what is happening to her.We are affraid of dementia.Hi my name is Brooke I am 32 and I have been taking care of my grandmother for about 17 months now.    She as mini strokes and heart problems with moderate dimentia(dementia).    She has 4 kids who could only agree on one thing that they all wanted her in a nursing home but she said she didnt want to go so I move her in with me.    I have a small house though so we had to build her a suite as we lovingly call it.    She is still pretty self sufficient .    I make her meals, do her meds, her cleaning, all her bills and provide 24/7 care and monitoring.    The first issue was that I have 2 small children (10 and 5) and my husband makes 15k a yr so figurng out how to afford to provide round the clock care was a challenge,    After spending 200+ hours cleaning out her home of 50 years myself, we sold it and she said se wanted to pay me mothly to be home with her.    I am wondering do I claim it so if I need help (medicare) evetually I can get it or no?? I have done this alone for 17 months with no breaks and a now so anxious and sick that most days I feel I am losing my mind. Everyone is mad at me, and I feel so alone and while I love doing this for her    feellike I have lost a part of me.    I am depressed    -- I am a state certified CNA and have worked in the field for 5yrs before taking care of her.    Please help
I have dementia that has been determined to be of neurological origin but not progressive. It can cause episodes of cognitive confusion and memory loss that can be of concern. Last night I had to change the Catapres application I am prescribed but I forgot to remove the old application until the morning which is unsafe. Sometimes I forget to keep track of when I am cooking and things like that.I applied for a home atttendant a while back but was not found to be eligible. I have discussed potential treatments with my neurologists who are following up. They agree that I should remain where I live in the community which is what I want as well. What I am asking about and even a few tips would help is some is some pragmatic ideas on how to deal with episodes of memory loss and cognitive confusion and how to prevent any errors in judgement they might cause. Thanks.My mom takes namenda and aricept. Are there any other treatments for Dementia    out there that would help her any. I know it is not curable but maybe something that would help her some.My husband was recently diagnosed with Dementia...he is also taking Liptor(liptor)...can this drug cause Dementia??
My father is 93 years old.    Fell and was hospitalized.    Hospital gave him Seroquel 12.5 mg, morning and night to control his agitation and supposedly reduce his delusions and paranoia.    (He also suffers from very occasional halucinations.)    When he released home, his aggressive behavior ramped up, since he is so weak he cannot get himself out of bed which angers him.    The doctor upped the Seroquel to 25 mg at night.    He's now been this medication 1 week, and the last 4 days at 25 mg at night (plus 12.5 mg during the day).    He appears to be more confused and having more hallucinations, so it doesn't appear to be working.    On top of that, I've researched this drug and see it is contraindicated for treating people with dementia.    Essentially, what we want is a drug to give him at bed time that will help keep him calm and help him sleep so he doesn't try to climb out of his hospital bed (now in the home) causing another fall.    What would be suggested for this purpose with the least possible side effects.    Also, very occasionally he becomes agitated during the day due to some bizzare thought in his head.    When this occurs, what would be suggested for an \as needed\ medication.they say he has dementia we have home care helping us take care of him our problem is night sleeping is there any thing that can help.
There is pain in upper/outer thigh region but only on the skin surface. There is no    rash or other visible signs. My husband is overweight at 85kg and is not very mobile. He also suffers from dementia.We would like to know what might cause this pain on the skin surface.
what is the lay meaning of \Microangiopathic ischemic gliosis\?I am a union represenative who's asking on behalf of a coworker who's father has advanced Dementia. My coworker just left his job here in California to be with his dad in Michigan. Our HR rep is a very unapproachable, biased, rude individual who gave him no advice as to what he needs to do. As of 9/30, our HR rep is going to give him his 5 day quit notice. HELP!!My mother has advanced senile dementia. She is 89 and a half. She has other physical problems, but the most worrying right now is she finds it unbelievably difficult to swallow anything. Her throat, esophagus, and stomach were all examined thoroughly a few months ago (when she first mentioned she found it slightly hard to swallow) -and there was nothing physically wrong there!This is getting worse and worse. It is extremely hard to get nutrition into her. Her water has to be 'thickened' and she will be able to drink a couple of spoonfuls that way, same with soup and liquidized food. Ordinary (thin) drinks she starts drowning on. She gets about 3 teaspoons of food down her, and 2-3 teaspoons water (thickened)I just wondered -could swallowing difficulty be some symptom of advanced dementia? Has anyone ever heard of that?Otherwise, there COULD be some other issue which isn't being addressed by the medical staff. Of course it is difficult to communicate with her, to ask her exactly what she is feeling.Hi! I am in the process of having more tests done, but it seems my docs don't even know which direction to LOOK. One doc gave me 10 different \guesses\ as to what she thought the cause of my memory loss/confusion is.    I am a 35yr old female, w/ history of migraine w/ aura & several episodes of \complicated migraine\. 2-3 months ago, I had an episode that they can only assume was a complicated migraine (MRI & EEGs were normal). The severity of the episode improved over 24-48hrs (I had gotten lost while driving around, in a familiar place, couldn't remember how to use my phone to get help, & was confused by everything...signs, words, conversations, etc)...except some memory loss & confusion. I have a hard time with timelines, what seems like happened 2-3 wks ago, I am told happened only a day ago. I can only remember bits & pieces of things, & what I DO remember, seems like it happened several weeks ago (like trying to recall a dream that you only vaguely remember). My thoughts get \jumbled up\ & I don't know what's what sometimes (makes me wonder if it's an actual complicated migraine when that happens). But I don't know if complicated migraines can leave you with ongoing memory loss & confusion like this. I can't \hold on\ to information for more than a few seconds before I have to get the info again. I usually can't recall the things I've done earlier in the day...like my brain is just not making a memory of it.The neurologist I saw after my ER visit told me it could be a vitamin B-12 deficiency (and advised I started taking a B-complex vitamin...which I have been taking every day since then), she also suggested it could be hypothryoidism (which my mom has, & my tests last year were normal...but I plan to ask for a re-test), she also suggested a sleep disorder (but I've had trouble falling asleep since I was a kid, & nothing has changed). My doc is on the verge of calling this an early-onset form of dementia... I am even exploring psychiatric causes (schizophrenia) but I have no family history of that. I just want to know which direction to go in, & hope that it's something that can be TREATED.I know you can't diagnose on here, I was just hoping for some insight & medical opinions on what possibilities can cause this, b/c right now my docs seems stumped (and so do I), & I haven't yet seen the 2nd neuro (who I hope doesn't play pin-the-tail-on-the-patient w/ her diagnoses like the last one). :)Thank you for ANY insight/opinions you can share!~KimIf my mothers EEG is normal and stable would that mean No Dementia? She had a neuropsychological    which said MCI mild cognitive impairment.    She is 73Dear docter,My mom was admitted to the hospital 6 days ago with sudden onset confusion ,aphasia and hypertension.She is69 years old and a diabetic on meds.,she had an right occipital parietal stroke 5 months ago.she was leftwith some visual disturbance and mild left sided weaknes.The first    catscan done in the ER showed no changes and an eeg showed mild slowing on left side.Four days later she finally had a mri the MD states it showed ischemic dementia.Can you give me any answers why my mom had mild memory loss one minute and 15 minutes later shes totally confused and on the way to the hospital.By the way she is moving all extremeties mild left weakness however still confused and becoming agitated,as I am.Thank you for any help you can provide.Sincerly suzyq4339After having experienced progressive cognitive decline over the past ten months, coupled with all manner of random shooting pains, blurred vision, muscle twitching, movement issues, etc, I've now been told by two different neurologists in the past month, I'm suffering from some sort of pseudo dementia / severe somatisation disorder.As    previously, perfectly healthy 35 year old male, I find this very hard to accept, but have now had so many different opinions this year, all alluding to the same diagnosis, two normal MRI scans of the brain, innumerable blood tests, etc, I guess I'm just going to have to go with it.My question is, how is something like pseudo dementia treated?I am writing this in regards to my boyfriend and his illness...His problems all started 3 years ago, stomach pains and dizziness.. His gallbadder was checked. Atfirst they say that was the problem, but when they went to take it out, they said it wasn't a problem.time has progressed and he has lost around 120lbs. He has had blood tests done which resulted in apositive ANA and SSB.. What are causing these I dont know? Still having horrid horrid stomach pains.Very fatigued, trouble with walking, dizziness, pains in joints. Has had a horrible time with keepingfood down. In result problems with teeth and now a new problem in his throat. Possibly torn esophagus?Hard time swallowing and pain. In the past couple of months problems with his thoughts and brain havesurfaced. Troubles with short term memory. Problems spelling the right words. Issues with mixing upthe words or getting ahead of himself. Problems talking, problems communicating. Very numb, horriblesharp pains. Along with a very foggy thought process. Some days seem worse than other days. He hashorrible anxiety and has problems leaving his house. Very bad anger issues where he wants to hurtothers and himself. He is not like that normally. Has been battling depression and suicidal thoughts.He has had a test for lupus and those came back negative, as well as a ct scan that showed nothingwrong. He is currently awaiting his MRI results. We have several ideas of what it could be. But he hasno way of earning income because he isn't allowed and can not work, lives with his mother who also cannot work. Money is hard to come by and no one in this country wants to help you if you dont have it.Getting a medical card and Social Security have been a mess. We are just at our wits end and dont knowwhat to do. He is in so much pain, he needs something soon. Ideas include: problems with his frontallobe, possibly including dementia? Lyme disease, Lupus, crohns..
Not too long ago my grandpa started getting night memory loss. Only at night though. Some people think it might be dementia. At night he starts moving his arms around. He even talks to himself or just talks. He already went to the doctor but they didn't know what it was.My 81 year old father is having mental confusion and short-term memory loss.    He had an MRI of his brain and his GP said the results were fine.    However, the MRI reports: \1. Atrophy and 2) Isolated foci of hyperintensity in the periventricular white matter on the left side\.Is his MRI normal?I am wondering if having Psuedo Tumor Cerebri could eventually cause Dementia or Ahlzeimers? I have had 2 shunts placed but, I still have problems w/ memory (short term) and massive headaches, etc...anyone out there w/ info? My Grandma died w/ Ahlzeimers so, I'm a little concerned w/ what could be going on w/ my brain. I really would like to have some feed back. Thanks so much!Hi,My father has had mild dementia for years. Over the past year and a half, however, it seems to be progressing quickly. My mother is having a tough time coping and understanding what comes next and how to deal with his outbursts, mood swings.. etc. He has an intolerance to most medicines that are out there and cannot take them. My question is do you know of any good online resources with information what will help prepare her for what is to come? I am in healthcare, and I have tried explaining it to her but it's hard for her to take advice from her \baby girl\. Maybe a website aimed at spouses or caretakers? I have not come up with much in my own searches.    Thank you for any input you have!
Hello,My father, aged 68, has been diagnosed with Senile Dementia.He was reporting minor memory losses for about an year, which we thought to be normal at this age, until last week when he had a severe headache and we took him to a Neurologist where he advised to undergo a Plain CT Scan of the Brain.The scan revealed \Mild Generalizes Cerebral Atrophy\ with dilation of ventricles which the Neurologist said was the cause of the Senile Dementia and the headache.He has been prescribed Neuromin-M (Piracetam + Mecobalamin) once daily for 6 weeks.It's been just 4 days he's been taking Neuromin and while his conditions have improved somewhat, even though he is still feeling a constant pressure in his head (around the temples and over the eyeballs) and random headaches, but he is also constantly having weird hallucinations, like seeing pictures, sceneries, shadows of people or even full representation of people roaming around and suddenly vanishing.So I wanted to know whether hallucinations are part of Senile Dementia? Also is this curable through the medicine prescribed to him.Any advice would be immensely valuable.Thanks a lot!Im hoping someone can help me for the last 2 months I have watched my 78 yr old Mother go from a productive self sufficient woman..... That has had some forgetfulness and mild hallucinations to a women that can no longer dress her self or complete a sentence, We took her to neurologist and he did some testing in office that day.... Said she had some Dementia going on and started her on lowest dose Exelon patch with in 6 days she was paranoid and begging to go home ( she was home ) to go thru cabinets and gathering things to episodes of agitation ... We called Doc he sent us to Geriatric Pysch Doc that thought my Mom should be placed into Geriatric Pysch ward and be evaluated for Dementia , I told then my Mom' s rapid decline since starting exelon and short dose of Risperdone for Pyschoctic episodes..... She did 11 days in GeriPysch they add Zyprexa to the mix and within 4 days she was grabbing stuff out of the air that wasn't there having trouble using the right words and aggressive behavior.... She was taken to Nursing home and they said that they would take her off everything and let her dry out see what the behavior was like off all meds.... The only thing they D/C was the Exelon Patch they kept the Zyprexa and add seroquel .25 mg twice a day..... Now she doesn't know who we are half the time she can't sit still can't complete a sentence of more than 5 words that make no sense ..... She went from memory loss and confusion and some hallucinations to someone that looks like end stage Demenia .... Can this happen in less than 2 months????? We are fighting to get her off Anti- Pysch meds since the decline is even more rapid .....please help !!!! Don't know what to do....I have been caring for my 85 yr old grandfather since July, when he was released from a nursing home. He was fine in april (driving, playing golf, going out, etc..) he was diagnosed with a uti and since was put in a nursing home and was in and out of hosp till July.    He began to show improvement and the family decided to take care of him.    Within a few weeks of being home he was walking again on his own and able to take care of himself(for the most part).    He then had a seizure, from his Dilantin level being too low and while in the hosp they did an mri and said he had evidence of an old stroke but nothing recent.    He was released and very slowly began losing motor skills with his hands and legs.    Within the past few weeks he has become very confused, unable to walk without falling and doing small tasks, such as hanging up the phone or trying to pull his pants down to use the bathroom.    He has fallen alot and trying to eat is very hard for him.    He cant pick up the food and get his hand to his mouth.    Seeing this happen has been very upsetting and I cant find the right answer.    It sounds like a litlle bit of a stroke (even though the mri says no), alheimers and/or dementia.    i was hoping i could get another idea.    please help??
Today i heard about the drug Remba, which sounds like a promising antidote, reversing memory loss etc.Someone in this forum mentioned that we can find this drug on the web.I have not been succesful in my search.I know it is either on research stages, or possibly in use in England.My mom suffers from this lewy body dementia, and i wish there was something more effective out there other thanaricept or exelon...If anyone knows anything about REMBA, please drop me a line....I thank you andgood luck to you ,or your loved one!Vanna7
Hi,    I am Hypothyroid and went undiagnosed for years.    8 years after I found out, I was also diagnosed with a pituitary tumor, which has since been removed.    I have short-term memory loss, have extreme difficulty remembering names and faces and constantly loosing my keys and other items.    I have noticed I get aggitated easy and have become less socialble. I don't like to be around people anymore. Sometimes when I talk, the words in my mind do not come out of my mouth the way I am thinking of them.    My cognative abilities have decreased a lot.    Although, I do make jokes about all this to my friends and people I meet,    but I am really starting to think I have this.I have MS that runs in the family and I am also currently being evaluated for that too.For years many of my doctors believed i was just a hypochondriac, but I proved them wrong.    Trying to recall indcidents and conversations are nearly impossible and everyone just looks at me like I am lying or pretending and it is driving me nuts.Can a 41 year old woman get Dementia?My mother is 86 and has dementia. She is on Namenda and also takes a blood thinner and a high blood pressure pill but that is all. I took her into my home when she had either a small seizure or a TIA on the way home from a protime test. I went down to stay the hight with her and she told me she was afraid to stay alone any more. I took her home with me the next day and she has been here several weeks now. We are cleaning out her apartment and will auction off what she does not want to keep. One of my brothers is in Missouri and the other is pouting because she didnt want to move in with his and his wife so he will not talk to her on the phone or help to move her possesions. I had to hire help to move her furniture.When she is under the least bit of stress or gets tired she falls apart. her memory becomeslike swiss cheese and she looks rather wild eyed and moves at a frantic pace. She makes up things in her mind and insists they are true, sort of like false memories. I know they are not correct what she is telling me but if I disagree she becomes angry. She will sit for hours trying to make heads or tales of a EOB and become so frustrated the rest of the day is a bust. If I try to distract her or tell her I will take care of it for her she seems to become dispondant because she can not do it herself.I have no family support on this as one brother is far away and the other is being a nut. He even hung up on her the one time he did talk to her. Why would anyone be so selfish? I keep trying to thinnk of things for her to do, but she doesnt want busy work she wants something important she will say. Yesterday she was having a good day and I left her to run a errand, never again! I came home to find her in a frantic panic. She insisted I had been gone for hours and she was running around the house with the phone in her hand like she was going to call someone but she couldnt remember how to dial it. I had been gone half a hour she insisted it was for hours and hours. The rest of the evening she sat and stared at the floor. She told me she had gotten up and sat in a chair for a long time in the night.my questions is how do you know when it is not safe to keep them at home any longer? I work out of my home so I am here all day long. I rarely get any time alone and when I do leave it is disasterous. I am not sure what to do.I wnat to keep her with me as long as possible, but I see her slipping away at a alarming rate. Non of us realized how badly she was deteriorated until I brought her tolive with me. Her apartment was filthy, not at all like my mother. She had simply gotten beyond it. Can anyone give me some answers as to how to reassure her and as to how to know when I can not keep her here any longer. I worry I will do the wrong thing and something will happen to her. Thank you for any help you can give me or advice.
I will try to keep this as short as possible... Then answer whatever is asked of me thereafter.Long story short, my stepfathers history, summorized(he's the one who would need placement);1. 30 Years of Type 2 Diabetes that's resulted in 'Extreme' Diabetic Neuropathy in the legs/Muscle Waste2. Severe Spinal Stenosis that has resulted in doubling the trouble with use of legs/DRAMATICALLY increasing the risk of falls/dramatically increasing frequency of urination, up to 25 times in a 24 hour period--12 times during the night, will not wear a catheter.. This is a HUGE burden on my mother and I(which is really 1.5 people caring for his needs, as my mother is 79 and can't help him up, etc.)3. Open heart w/Aortic Valve Replacement and triple bypass in Nov., 2011./He was blacking out, given til Christmas, 2011, to live if he didn't do the surgery.4. Moderately onset Dementia(believe it's vascular, comes and goes, but most times is fairly bad)5. Can barely communicate any longer(knows what he wants to say at times, but it comes out as, \I, I, I, I, I, I,\ for around 5 minutes, often doesn't come to an answer without lots of fishing/providing 'possibles' for him and is often something like \I, I, I, I\-1 MINUTE REPETITION-\need...10 dollars for a haircut\... usually he's trying to exclaim how painful his legs are or \i want to go to bed\ or \I want to go to the doctor so he can fix my legs\, Etc.6. He's often VERY mean to me and especially to my mother, 79 and also in 'fairly' risky health as well, due to having had a larger stroke and recovered ok, but A-fib and being overweight, etc., as well. He accuses her of sleeping with me and my nephew or whomever she is going out to see/whomever gives her a hug or basically pulls her away from the couch/by his side.I am not overstating when I say that this man is and always has been a HUGE 'narcissist', very self centered and often VERY mean/verbally abusive.Bottom line, I can't manage this care any longer between the two of us... And we are wanting the \Medical\ system to get involved.(As I understand it, Medicare will use up it's 90Days and then Medical will kick in, under VERY specific conditions)..... As I said, and should have restated... \He needs to be placed in a 24 hour care facility.\ His children are seemingly only interested in the Will and such, and while his son lives 4 miles away, he's been over here for a total of 3 hours in 6 visits, since December, 2011, when my stepfather returned home.My stepfather's PC Physician, Neurologist and new, the other day visit from a Psychologist, all feel that he is BEYOND ready for placement(Two of them saying, \Not sure why it would be impossible to catigorize him as 'medically needing placement', Mental/Physical and risk of injury being the calls\...). When I told them I've been doing this, either directly or on call/live in, for 8 months, 18 hours a day(I have to stay up til 5;30AM or so when My mother wakes to help him to the toilet, otherwise tie him down which would be even more unmanageable), 7 days a week... They all have dropped their jaws and said, \Mark,.....this is way too much, you're going to end up very ill if you continue this way\.... I AGREE, but my problem is not only myself... I am VERY concerned for my mother..... This is QUICKLY wearing her down to the point of total exhaustion and to where she's passing out throughout the day on the couch, just overwhelmed, etc. I can't allow it to go on... And, to my point.........I DO NOT think, from what I've read/been told by others who've been in my situation.... that Medicare or Medical are going to want to provide \in home care\...... Even if they did, it would likely be a few hours a week that we would share the burden of, obviously, under the laws/policies. A few hours a week is not enough....I NEED to get back to 'living my life', and to be honest, can't take any more, emotionally or physically. I'm a Certified Executive Chef, and over the last couple years, I've sacrificed everything, including my career and most of my savings... And in reality, I'm now in Debt! In my understanding, we have to be down to 3K dollars in my mother and husbands accounts? They have annuities, but not enough that it would last past maybe a year or two of in home care co-payment. Not forgetting to mention, they would also be attaching ALL of his Social Security... That would leave only the interest on their annuities to live off of for my mother, paying all the house bills/property taxes, etc.We were told that there are ways to legally prevent them from touching things like annuities, and the house is under a reverse mortgage with NOTHING left of the 'credit line'.... We are meeting with the 'finacial guru's' in our life, over the next week, whom deal with elderly finance, etc.... But we really don't have anyone to represent/guide us through the 'placement requirements', if we can even get them funded by Medical... So I would just REALLY DROP TO MY KNEES in gratitude for any advice on .................\The best path to ensure that we can get him placed in assisted living\.
Hello....One neuropsychologist tested my mother and says dementia another tested her 2 months later and said MCI...mild cognitive impairment. Her internist did a MMSE and the score was 28. What could be going on here? If she can name 25 animals in a category    it should not be dementia according to the MERK manual. Could medications or stress be involved?Phenytoin toxicity seems to share many symtoms(symptoms)with vascular dementia - slurred speech, unsteadiness, cognitive impairment.    Without a blood test to check for the unbound level of phenytoin, is there any symptons that are specific in one disorder and absolutely not in the other?Many thanksMy 76-year-old mother is destroying her life as well as mine and my siblings.    Her coping method with any medical problem has always been to ignore it, treat with over-the-counter meds and finally deny its very existence.    Last year she became ill enough that she was forced to face her numerous medical problems, which are:1.    Severe scoliosis and spinal stenosis.    Her right hip is several inches higher than the other.    She postponed surgery for so many years that the neurosurgeon doubts he can help her.    The discs from L1 through T5 are crushed to the point that they obscure her spinal cord on the MRI films.    As predicted, Mom is now becoming incontinent and can barely walk more than a couple steps.    Now she won't eat for fear of not making it to the bathroom, but denies the problem to medical professionals.2.    Uncontrollable stomach and duondenum bleeding.    She has hundreds of aterio-venous malformations (AVM) that require 2 units of packed cells to be transfused roughly every two weeks, more or less.3.    Self-medicating with over 20 advil a day resulted in a destroyed stomach lining, about which nothing can be done.4.    Abdominal aortic aneurysm recently discovered on a pre-op x-ray.    That and low hemoglobin right after a transfusion resulted in cancelation of the surgery.4.    Just enough dementia to result in shrieking outburst if anyone says something she disagrees with - which is just about anything.My father died in 1994 which forced both of my parents to finally prepare a will.    After his death, my mother saw an attorney and updated her papers.    She purposely left out a general power of attorney.    I was already noticing signs of dementia at that time.    The one piece of paper we need to help her has tied our hands completely.    Because Mom cons the doctors into believing her fairy story that she can live alone independently, (despite the family trying to inform them otherwise) she is human wreckage dying alone in her own filth.Mom refuses to allow us to help in meaningful ways.    She can't get in and out of the bathtub and refuses to allow any alterations to her home to improve her hygiene and mobility.    She refuses to use a walker and has fallen several times because she can't feel her feet.    She can't stand long enough to even prepare microwave foods and her diet is atrocious despite family members bringing her food.    In a nutshell, Mom cannot face the fact that she is incapable of caring for herself, and won't allow any improvements in her sitution because that would mean acknowledging how very ill she really is.Ten days ago Mom shrieked that she had to go to the hospital because she couldn't eat, walk and was incontinent.    No sooner do we see the triage nurse than she denies the problems.    She was admitted because she needed a transfusion, and could have had her back surgery had she remained in the hospital long enough.    But no.    The next day she screamed and yelled and demanded to go home.    Apparently Mom checked out AMA.The next day we discover Mom's hemoglobin down to 7.8.    She had already bled out the entire transfusion and then some.    Back to her usual out-patient place for another transfusion which took me 3 more days to set up.    In the meantime, Mom is bleeding to death.    I managed to get her cardiologist to look at the x-ray while she was getting transfused.    When he went down to talk to her, he wanted to admit her for further evaluation of the aneurysm.    BOOM!    Mom threw a fit of epic proportions.    I got my brother and sister to meet me at the hospital and we asked for a psych consult - again.    Again, the hospital refused.    This time saying Mom had to be an inpatient for several hours before calling in a shrink.    We called social services and were informed that we could not infringe on Mom's civil rights even though her irrational decisions are killing her in front of our eyes.    She suggested we report her to Adult Protective Services.I spent all afternoon last Saturday writing a 9-page report to APS.    The State moved quickly - I'll give them that much, but when the shrink showed up at her house he said her dementia wasn't bad enough to remove her rights.    That was my last attempt.    I don't know what else to do.    Mom won't allow an aide to help her.    The one time I arranged for one Mom fired her the first day.I am disabled myself, and because I don't work I am the default caregiver.    I have to fight both my mother and her numerous doctors and the medical system in general to keep her alive.    The stress is literally killing me now.    I can't sleep, grind my teeth unconsciously to the point of migraines, and now add skyrocketing blood pressure and chest pain to the mix.    I'd probably be dead by now if it weren't for my pain shrink.    Last weekend I tried to take a break from it all and told my siblings that I was unplugging my phones.    They thought it was such a good idea they did the same, leaving Mom completely alone and hysterical for two days.    I got to deal with the fallout.Has anyone else been in a situation like this and had their hands completely tied?
Hey, My grandmother is    84 years old and for about 5 years ago she has been diagnosed with dementia. Shes taking some kind of anxiety/ depression medicine for it. She would have little panic attack here and there, and we use to be able to get her to realize she is fine. Recently my aunt took over pills because my grandma thinks me and my mom do to much, its been about maybe 4 months since they have been in control of her and my grandpa's pills, they bring them when ever they feel like it and don't make sure they take them and you can see they don't care, But in the past months they have been taking care of my grandmother I have noticed shes more aggravated and more aggressive and shes a lot more upset and starts seeing people and having made up conversations in her mind and she worries to the point of panic and ended up in the hospital. I cant tell if maybe shes just getting worse of if maybe her meds aren't being regulated like they should be? I was just wondering if anyone knew is she just getting worse or could they possibly be neglecting my grandmother? They live alone,in the house I grew up in its on like a farm, and my grandpa is handicap in a wheel chair and has MS. Me and my mom are maybe 5 minutes at the least away from the house. So were really just a phone call away, but maybe its time for more help? Any answers are welcome.... Thank you.
I am    having considerable amount of memory loss .    My MRI of brain came with an impression'early diffuse cortical atrophy' also in the report ' note made of rightward deviation of septum pellucidum at anterior aspect? Significance.    I have been given memanine hcl & alpha glycerylphosphorylcholine piracetam tab please advise abt my condition does it mean I am having dementia how can I fight with it I am a 45-year-old male from indiaMy mother-in-law is a very active 66 years old.    She had a particularly busy and stressful past year along with a number of funerals of close relatives.    Up until Xmas she seemed like her usual self with the exception of seeming more opinionated.    Within the last 4 weeks she has lost most of her short term memory and some of her long term memory.    The other day my wife phoned to say hello and was not reconized, (this seems really odd to me as my wife and my sister-in-law are twins and no one can tell them apart when they are on the phone).    My sister-in-law has taken her to a psychiatrist, a doctor, and had a CAT scan done.    The diagnosis is that it is the onset of a form of dementia and unlikely to improve.    One problem I have is that besides being 3000 miles away, my sister-in-law is close to being a hypochondriac and had numerous real or imaginary problems.Is it normal or likely for this type of regression to happen in 4 weeks?Could a memory loss be triggered by excessive mental stress?
My dad is suffering from frontotemperal dementia and recently undergone keyhole surgery for blood clot.Now he is not able to move his right arm and leg.Is it due to surgery or due to dementia??Can this be cured?? will physiotherapy help?? thanks in advance
http://www.caregiver.org/caregiver/jsp/home.jspThe above link has a ton of information for caregivers.    One article on how to deal with a patient with dementia was particularly helpful to me.    The organization is in California, so the social services links pertain only to that state.    This is not a web site you want to skim over.    Take your time and wander through the various articles.    You just might find something to help your own situation.    :-)
My Grandmother has some form of dementia and I don't really know what the right way of handeling some of her behaviors. One thing that seems to be a constant is that she seems happy to be angry-nothing is ever right.I try to find the \silver lining\ but she will have none of it.She is very paranoid-everyone is whispering about her-& lately she is very demanding.This morning she phoned me @7:30 and wanted laundry soap and when I said I would get her some later she said \forget it!'& hung up on me.She would have me running all day everyday &still find more things for me to do. She feels like she has no problems with her memory & I am the one who is \out to lunch\ I know this is the disease talking but I'm getting frustrated none the less.Could someone please give me some helpful hints? Thanks so much for your time in advance!
Hello all, I am trying to get a little clarification. My mother is 64, she recently had an MRI that showed \stage 2 brain shrinkage\. What does this mean? She says she will likely progress to alzhemiers/dementia, but was not diagnosed with either yet (not given meds or anything). And only scheduled a routine follow up. Very worried, any idea how quick it will come?
can weather or barometric pressure affect the dementia
What is the normal course of    vascular dementia?    Six months ago my father had subdural hematomasurgery and just start noticing a decline mentally.    Is this normal and where will this go and is there anything    that can stop this in its track?    What is the prognosis?I'm new to dealing with dementia, so I'm wondering how many people see the same thing I'm seeing in my Mom.    She doesn't understand time anymore.    She'll nod off for a few minutes or take a nap and wake up in a panic thinking a whole day has passed with no attention or food.    Mom really believes she has been dumped in a home and ignored by the staff, even if they just left the room 5 minutes ago.    Is this problem with the passage of time common with dementia?Mom was tripping out on her lunch ticket today.    She sat there reading it aloud, and what she read was NOT what was printed on the paper.    She believes it's a note from some florist who won't deliver her flowers because she's allergic to lilies.    \See?    It says so right here!\    I'm flummoxed.    My mother has always been a huge reader and always felt the worst thing that could happen to her would to lose that ability.    It breaks my heart that she seem to be losing the one joy she had left in life.    Is it common for dementia patients to actually \see\ something on paper that doesn't exist?I guess I'm trying to prepare myself for the changes that are coming faster and faster.
My grandmother is 86 and she has dementia. She has been getting angry and agitated and violent but not all day, just from as soon as then clock hits 3 pm. She wants to go back to her house even though she lives in her house, she pushes me and my mom. She hit me across the face because I blocked her way out. Because once she gets out we cant get her back in unless we lie and bribe her. She threatens to kill us and swears up and down that its not her house and we need to help her to get out. But as soon as the clock hits 8:30 maybe 9 pm. shes claim wants to go to bed and sometimes gets up and wants a cookie. But she knows that she is home. Her nurse said to me while I explained to her what was going on she said sounds like a case of sun downers syndrome. I have never heard of it, but when I looked it up it sounds just like it. She is on xanax to keep her claim and help her sleep but it doesn't take at all during 3pm to 9pm. Anyone know about sun downers? Her dr is coming next week and I don't know what I would tell him.
A nice gift for someone in a nursing home, either on a temporary basis (for rehab) or permanently, is a small metal lockbox that can fit in one of the small bedside drawers allotted residents. They sell for between $8.00 and $20.00 U.S. circa 2012 and come with either keys or combination locks. If you get one with a key have extra keys made before you take it to the home. Seal one key in an envelope and secrete it somewhere in the room (A good place is under a drawer) and keep the other one. If you get a combination lock set it to an easily remembered combination, such as the year the patient was born.    A nice touch for a female patient is to spray-paint it pink and apply a floral decal. Though the amounts are small,    money and inexpensive jewelry tend to disappear in nursing homes. I'm not sure if the issue is kleptomania, but there is a surroundings where there are many people with dementia wandering around. Patient's like to have a small amount of cash handy for vending machines and snacks. Keeping cash unsecured indefinitely is an invitation for problems.
My wife and I have been living with her mother for four years now.My FIL dies four years ago, and my MIL depended on him to do everything for her. She hasn't been shopping in fifteen years, and only leaves the house to see doctors or get her hair done. This by her own choice, and really boils down to laziness.She is 83 now, and her attitude is \I worked hard all my life (about fifteen years, actually), and now I want to do what I want to do\.What she wants to do is lay in bed twenty two hours a day and have meals on a whim. Her husband catered to that desire for several years, and my MIL was often sick and bedridden because she was eating at odd hours and her medication schedule was completely messed up.He finally died prematurely from trying to care for her, and we took over. Since she gets around with a walker, it was not possible to move her in with us, so we moved in with her.The first thing we did was put her back on three meals a day, with snacks as wanted or needed. She hated that, and it is still a daily point of contention.She takes heart meds, SEVERAL pain pills, vitamins, and other meds I haven't paid enough attention to know about. The point is, most of her meds require food at the same time. If she is eating regular meals, it is much easier to give her the meds at the proper time and in the proper way.Her health has improved tremendously since being put back on a routine. However, she has started to develop dementia, and her short term memory is very bad.She has the most annoying tendency to look for the bad in everything. If it's a cloudy day, she wonders about the impending storm. If it's a sunny day, she wonders about the impending storm. if she asks about the grandkids, it always progresses into the negative, annoying, depressing things. \Is she a good wife? (No) When will they get married? Does she cook for him?She looks for the bad in EVERYTHING, and then fleshes it out until I get quite annoyed. If we try to turn the conversation positive, she changes the subject and finds something else inoccuous to go on about how terible it is.She loves current events, because there is always some tragedy to    discuss. Every time some girl comes up missing it is a week of tongue clicking and speculation. The war, any war. Hillary Clinton. She hates her, and obsesses about what would happen if she gets elected. On and on and on.It sounds like I am bitter and totally unfit for my role in helping her, but all the negativity is getting very stressful. The fact that she forgets she has covered the same agravating Hillary rant twice today already does not make it any easier to listen to again.We are supporting her financially as well as caring for her. My wife does all the cooking, cleaning, bathing, etc., and her mother spends most of the day lying in bed watching TV. She could help a little, but she doesn't want to.Needless to say, she is not getting any exercise, and after almost three years of trying to get her to do simple exercises to keep her muscles from atrophying, we have given up.The reason I am posting this thread, ironically, is my concern for my wife. The stress that is oozing from my fingertips right now is nothing compared to what my wife is feeling.She wants to do what is best for her Mother, but the last four years have aged my wife considerably. She is getting less and less tolerant of her Mother's unwillingness to do anything that is good for her, and every meal turns into an argument about whether her Mother ate two bites, or three bites. Her mother acts like a child, and my wife treats her like one.This is not the way it should be. It is not the way it has been. But it is the way it is now.I act as a buffer and that helps, but the way my wife is reacting lately is not good, and she does not even see it happening. She needs more than time out with the girls or a weekend away. She needs a support group or something.She has spoken with someone at Human services, and someone from Hospice, and is going to be attending a support group for people who have lost their parents, but I'm not sure that is going to bear fruit.She has realized of late, and expressed to me, that she is angry at her Mother for killing her Father, which surprised me but also made perfect sense. Maybe the support group will be able to help her work that out.I'm not sure why I'm posting this.Maybe I'm looking for a support group?I could post three more posts this long to explain the entire situation, and maybe I will.Just looking for someone to talk to, I guess.
Will medication for vascular dementia make any difference in mid to late dementia?My husband diagnosed with pre senile Dementia (frontal Lobe) 2 yes ago. He is 68. A very brilliant man.    He is so aggressive verbally.    He will contradict everything and will not admit that what he us saying and doing is all incorrect.    There cud be arguments all day with him.    I'm stressed out.    I will take care of him but he won't relenquish control.What can I do to stop from going insane myself. HELP
I an 27 and I was diagnosed homozygous for A1298C MTHFR mutation. The articles that I have read online are all very vague. I know that my pregnancy losses are attributed to this, but the more I read the more I see red flags that pop up in my family's medical history. My mother has had a stroke, my grandmother had dementia and schitsophrenia, my aunt had leukemia. I am wondering if it is all connected. To go a bit further down the rabbit hole....I read about the posibility of this increasing the risks for spina bifida, I was born    with my intestines on the outside....have there ever been any tests or research that might    link that as well?    I want to know more! Please help.
Hi,We are pleased to share with your community our Dementia Communityhttp://www.medhelp.org/forums/Dementia/show/1465Dementia is a descriptive term for a collection of symptoms that can be caused by a number of disorders that affect the brain. While memory loss is a common symptom of dementia, memory loss by itself does not mean that a person has dementia.Please stop by soon.Best,Cheryl
Does a person who has a calcified brain artery necessarily have dementia?If not - will they get it, when, what are the exceptions, and how can the risk of dementia be reduced if an artery to the brain is already calcified?My father is 82. He has had dementia for about 10 years. He hasn't spoken a word for about 4 years, yet he will holler out or moan at times. He quit walking about 6 months ago, and can no longer hold anything, except his cup to drink. He usually eats all of his meals. He sleeps about 12+ hours in a 24 hour period. He has had episodes of projectile vomiting and diahhrea. He has that blank stare. He is definitely in stage 7 and has been for about 3 years. His albumin is a bit low. How much longer can he live?
I'm wondering if anyone out there has a parent or other family member with both dementia and mental illness? My father, who is 84, was recently diagnosed with possible metabolic and/or vascular dementia and bipolar disorder. He refused additional neuropsychological testing, which the folks at the memory assessment clinic recommended, and he also is refusing to be treated for hypothyroidism, which was also diagnosed at the time they ran blood tests in conjunction with the memory and cognitive assessment. The hypothyroidism could be making his memory problems worse.Anyway, he is becoming very belligerent, mean, cantankerous, etc. and his mood swings are worse than ever. I would love to hear other people's stories....The above is just the tip of a very big iceberg.Thanks,Yvette
WE BELIEVE THAT OUR GRANDMOTHER IS SUFFERING FROM DEMENTIA.IN THE LAST 4 YEARS - SHE HAS GRADUALLY BECOME MORE AND MORE HATEFUL TO OUR GRANDFATHER.    THEY HAVE BEEN MARRIED OVER 60 YEARS NOW SHE IS ACCUSING HIM OF HAVING MARRIAGE AFFAIRS, OF NOT LOVING HER , OF NOT HAVING ANY FAMILY .PLEASE NOTE THAT GRAMPS LOVES HER , TAKES CARE OF HER, MAKES HER MORNING COFFEE(WHICH NOW AFTER ALL THESE YEARS SHE WILL NOT DRINK BECAUSE SHE \DOESN'T WANT ANYTHING FROM HIM\ .    SHE HAS 7 KIDS AND DOZEN OF GRANDCHILDREN.    BUT EACH DAY SHE SEEMS MORE AND MORE LIKE SOMEONE WE DON'T KNOW.    SHE WILL NOT ALLOW US TO TAKE HER TO A PSYCHOLOGIST .    SHE'S ALWAYS ANGRY AT GRAMPS.    SOMETIMES SHE LEAVES THE BEDROOM AND SLEEP IN THE LIVING ROOM ON THE SOFA.    WE ARE MEMBERS OF THE CHURCH. SHE WON'T GO SPEAK TO THE PASTOR. SINCE THE DAY SHE AND GRAMPS GOT MARRIED THEY PRAYED EVERY NIGHT TOGETHER IN THE BEDROOM NOW SHE REFUSES.SHE IS SUFFERING BUT SHE IS ALSO TAKING THE WIND OUT OF GRAMPS.    HE CRYS, HE FEELS SO SAD FOR WHAT SHE IS BECOMING. WHAT DO WE DO? WHO DO WE NEED TO SEE? CAN SHE TAKE MEDICATION?
Hi,We are pleased to share with your community our Dementia Communityhttp://www.medhelp.org/forums/Dementia/show/1465Dementia is a descriptive term for a collection of symptoms that can be caused by a number of disorders that affect the brain. While memory loss is a common symptom of dementia, memory loss by itself does not mean that a person has dementia.Please stop by soon.Best,CherylMy mom who has dementia and very bad legs, she uses a walker, lives with my brother and his wife most of the time, and I go and take care of her as well when i can, she is 88 and very incontinent, we have her in adult depends and we have pads all over the couch and chair where she sits.    My question is.. does anybody know of an agency in nc that helps the elderly with care products that are free or at the very least, dont cost to much? This situation is all new to us, and we dont know where to turn for help, there must be some resources, and if anyone knows please let me know, so we can help our mom.thank you!
My father is in the end stage of dementia. He doesn't walk, speak, and has to be fed, although he can hold a cup. He has had several episodes of projectile vomiting, which, I feel is due to a blockage somewhere. He is on comfort care only. The other day, he had an episode of projectile vomiting, and swallowed some. He had a fever of 103+, which came down in 2 days. He also had fluid in both lungs. He was given oxygen, which was taken off as his saturation reached 94%. How can someone in this stage recover so quickly? Will these episodes continue? How long can someone live in this state? I live in another state, and I feel that my life is somewhat on hold, depending on what happens with him. Thank you very much.
Three years ago I had an MRI scan for persistent headache.    No cause found but \incidental\ finding was \marked frontal lobe atrophy\.    I was sixty then.    Neurologist examined and assessed me and said I had absolutely no dementia symptoms and that I was functioning at a high level and better than a lot of others of my age.    Told me to go away and fortget it.    Recently had another MRI for twitchy arms and legs and result said \cerebral atrophy\.    Don't know if this is the same but expressed differently.    Still no signs of dementia but don't feel quite as sharp and getting rather apathetic about things.    This could be because I am very anxious though.    Is it possible to have brain atrophy with no symptoms and not to develop any either.    I'm probably clutching at straws here because if a neurologist can't give me a prognosis I expect it's a wait and see job!    Grateful for any replies.
hiAm writing this for my dad. he is 74 yrs of age.he has severe behavioral problems ,like shouting to family members in public, not eating timely food mostly skipping the meals, sleep disorders, urinary incontinence and mood shifts. often he leave the home for no reason and keep himself missing for a day or two.his activity is normal as he manages to do all his daily routine very well. he is not willing to take any responsibility and has issues in making decisions .he had undergone prostrate surgery 2 years back. he is hypo thyroidic.but never takes medicine how so ever we insist.My wife has HM and is having migraine attacks 7 to 8 times each day. Sometimes these attacks cause memory loss. She can't remember what we watched on TV the night before or several days before. She sometimes doesn't people who have been around her on a daily basis. On a recent ER visit, I ask the doctor about this. He said that the memory loss is not caused by the migraine, but offered no advice on what to do. What kind of doctor does she need to see to have this checked out? need help.I am looking for information on dementia and surgery. My dad needs knee replacement surgery but he was recently diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia. I'm in Kathmandu, Nepal (3rd world country) and most doctors cannot tell me how it may affect my dad. Went to a neurologist and he says go ahead with knee replacement surgery since it might increase his quality of life. But he says dementia might get worse because of the stress from surgery and might be permanent but that's the risk. I don't know if the risk is worth taking. Right now, his memory has gone downhill but the most drastic thing is his speech. He cannot communicate well; has difficulty finding the right words to form a sentence. He recognizes people and the condition is still bearable. I don't want to put my dad at risk but he cannot walk because of the weakness (advanced arthritis). He is not in pain, he says. He is taking neurocetam 800mg, 3 times a day as prescribed my the neurologist but he says he might only improve a little bit. I know no one can tell me exactly what the best option is but any advise will be appreciated. Thank you...Junkirri***@****My spouse was dignosed with dementia, he has uncontroled insulin-dependent diabetes with neuropathy, CIDP, dementia, reflux diease, headaches, cervical and lumbar disk diease, high blood pressure.My question, is what am I looking at with him having all these problems.    I did not know he had dementia, until they just approved him for partical disablility,    But, it explained alot of his actions.Last night, he was putting paper in the freg.    Tried to make a sandwich with 2 pieces of paper, and meat.He is 43 yrs old.    In 1998 his esphogus ruptured, which he almost died, every since that happened he has went down hill.Three years ago I had an MRI scan for persistent headache.    No cause found but \incidental\ finding was \marked frontal lobe atrophy\.    I was sixty then.    Neurologist examined and assessed me and said I had absolutely no dementia symptoms and that I was functioning at a high level and better than a lot of others of my age.    Told me to go away and forget it.    Recently had another MRI for twitchy arms and legs and result said \cerebral atrophy\.    Don't know if this is the same but expressed differently.    Still no signs of dementia but don't feel quite as sharp and getting rather apathetic about things.    This could be because I am very anxious though.    Is it possible to have brain atrophy with no symptoms and not to develop any either.    I'm probably clutching at straws here because if a neurologist can't give me a prognosis I expect it's a wait and see job!Hi.once again! I am going crazy dealing with my grandmother who has some form of dementia. She has been telling stories that are way out there & while I realize this is part of the disease I am trying to keep these stories under control so she doesn't tell them to other people.She is 87 yrs. old & refuses to have anyone live with her or to go into a home.She feels that there is nothing wrong with her even though home care comes in daily to give her Aricept-that is the norm to her.She doesn't bath,although she swears up and down she does & just her overall ability to take care of herself is gone.I have power of attorney & take care    of her bills, grocery shopping & such but on occasion she goes to the bank by taxi or whoever will take her & takes out stupid amounts of money which slowly disappears & then she tells others that I am stealing money from her. I'm sorry that this is all over the place but I am just about at whits end & I don't know what else to do or where or how to do it.Does anyone have any suggestions? Does it HAVE to go before the courts to be able to do anything?    Thanks for reading my rambelings & your time!         \P\
Mom is 90 yrs old and has severe dementia. She is need of a new pacemaker battery. Cardiologist said they don't change batteries - the whole pacemaker is changed. She is using her pacemaker 95% of the day. Is is a good idea to change this?    Can you still die with a pacemaker? I know if she could make the decision herself she would tell me to not change it and leave well enough alone. I don't know what to do.
Hi,I hope someone can give me an answer soon. 10/07/08 I had a Cat Scan done because I was concerned about my memory and not being a sharp as I was.It showed mild bifrontal atrophy and everything else appeared normal.    I have severe neck problems so at first I thought it had to do with various medications I am on. Saw a new Dr. for depression and my memory problems came up and he wanted to have a MRI with and w/o contrast which I did. My follow up visit had to be postponed so I got the report.    Most of it was normal, except under findings -noncontrast images reveal a few scattered areas of high signal change in the periventricular deep white matter bilaterally. Under Impression - a few scattered small vessel ischemic change foci demonstrated in the periventricular deep white matter.Does anyone know what this means in laymen terms and does it have anything to do with dementia?    I am so stressed out.    Please can someone help and try and answer this?Thanks so muchI have a friend who's wife was just diagnosed with FTD - Frontal Temporal Dementia.    She has an offshoot of that called Progressive Fluent Aphasia.    Though it may be unlikely - as this only affects about 4000 people n the US - I'm wondering if anyone has any thoughts, suggestions, etc.I'm wondering if anyone has any suggestions about how to handle questions from well-meaning friends and relatives,     while still trying to maintain privacy and dignity.My father, who turns 85 next month, was diagnosed with probable dementia in Feb. (suspected metabolic or vascular) at a special memory clinic. They also suspect, as we have for some time now, that he may have bipolar disorder and/or other mental health condition(s); the doctors recommended more complete neuropsychological testing as a result of the memory assessment measurements/findings, but Dad refused it. He was very angry about the findings of the cognitive testing, mad at me and mean to me because we set up (even though he agreed to the testing), and completely refutes the findings and recommendations. They also determined in Feb. through blood work that he has hypothyroidism, but he refuses to take the prescribed medicine--which also might be impacting his memory, thinking, how he's been feeling which is kind of lousy, etc.He has chosen to move to South America by himself, the country of Guyana, despite serious concerns by family and friends. He has been staying there for more than a year now, and travels back and forth every 2- 3 months. Let's just say this is a very undesirable situation (I could write a book...) Communication with him is unreliable due to cell phone challenges on his end, so friends cannot always reach him when they try calling. Plus, it can be expensive for folks to call him, depending on their landline or cell phone plan (if they can phone him at all), so they don't talk with him nearly as often as they had been when he lived in the US and apparently, not as often as they would like to talk with him.As a result, they call me to ask how he is doing, have I talked with him, what his plans are, etc. Some of the people that call are long-time friends and relatives of my father's (known him 30-75 years); one is a new \friend\ (Dad keeps talking about going into business with him), someone I don't even know that he's met the past year in Guyana. (He gave him my phone number--albeit without my permission--because until this last visit, he's been staying with my husband and I when he comes back. The man's called twice and I haven't called him back.) I know the long-standing friends/family are concerned about my Dad and genuinely mean well. I have explained he has memory problems and shared a few of the    things that the doctors have said (like that he's supposed to take thyroid medication but he won't) to those he's closest with, but not the probable and suspected diagnoses. I don't think it's my place to do so and he likely would not react well if I shared these diagnoses with them.    It's just very frustrating to me, as I am already upset with many things my father is doing and am trying to keep as detached as possible, for my own mental health sake. It is difficult for me to be diplomatic all the time when people call and ask questions and I don't wish to speak for my Dad--especially to people I have no idea what he's telling. I feel it's rude not to call people back, especially those that specifically request a call back in their voice message. What I end up doing sometimes is calling him and asking him to call them back--sometimes he does, sometimes he doesn't. Then they call me again--haven't heard anything from him...I know my father can't help his behavior, but it feels like I'm dealing with a teenager sometimes.Do I just bite the bullet and tell those closest the probable diagnoses?No one needs to tell us caregivers that dementia is hard on us--but it's got to be hard watching your friends and family you've known all your life (like your cousin) change and feeling powerless to do anything about it. It's just hard for me to be their listening ear and support person. I don't want to talk about the situation with Dad to them. I'm sure that sounds selfish, but in the words of Lily Tomlin, \and that's the truth.\Thanks for letting me vent; maybe someone can share what they've found works for them.---Yvette
Can menopause be the cause of dementia, because sometimes I really feel like I am losing it!
Hello. Well my grandad has had dementia for over 7 years now, and he is in a nursing home. Being a teenager it was quite difficult for me to cope at home, with the chaos between him and my grandma and mum. He started getting violent and thats when we decided enough was enough. And that he had to go in to the nursing home then because it was getting just too much. That was over 1 year ago. So anyway, instead of telling you a story, all i want to really ask is (if anyone knows...), around about how long might my grandad have till he may pass away. I mean he is now lying in a bed unable to move properly. Isnt able to walk, and sometimes is almost unresponsive (verbally). He is able to talk a bit, crackinga few jokes every now and then, but there are other times where he just stared at the wall and says nothing. How long might he have left?Hi all.I'm 28 yo. I have been diagnosed with GAD, stress disorder, and depersonalization/derealization including mild depression and other smaller problems such as OCD and phobias. I have been on medications for at least 12 years and currently taking effexor and klonopin. I had a severe emotional trauma when I was 12 but I didn't develop PTSD.For the past 4 years my memory has been getting worse, so has my depersonalization and derealization.I have to think hard what I did yesterday or day before. I am also forgetful. I had 2 brain scans in the past and 1 was just a year ago.what scared me the most is when someone mentioned an event that happened a few months ago and I cannot remember it at all. It did happen but I cannot picture it.I live with this brain fog daily and is hard to function but I fear it could be dementia.Any ideas?PS. Klonopin seems to help for stress and anxiety and now I even can work but not being able to recall this event scares the hell out of me.My mom is 57 and has just been diagnosed with absence seizures.    Over the last two years she has also been experiencing some memory loss.    She has been attributing the memory issues to menopause.    However, in the last couple of months, she has become more concerned about her memory, due to more episodes of \fogginess\, forgetting names, situations etc.    This has led to increased anxiety and worry.    She is just awaiting her next appointment with her neurologist.    I have been trying to do some research regarding the link between adult onset epilepsy and dementia.    Is there a link?    Is it possible that the memory issues are being compounded by her anxiety about them, or could they be related to menopause?As you can imagine, we are very concerned, especially since she is very young to be having these kinds of symptoms.My Mother, an 82 yo DM2, has had an MRI, DX small vessel dementia.    She has declined over the last decade.    She doesn't recognize her children, short term memory is < 3 min.    She is anxious and fearful.    If we stop her meds; Metoprolol, statin, Advandia, Glibizide, what would happen?    We don,t want her to have pain but she is unhappy & afraid 99% of the time.    She walks with a wide semi steady gait and is continent.    Lives with her daughter and can,t be left alone.2 years ago at the age of 42 I had a heart procedure done where my heart stopped 3 times and I suffered nerve damage throughout my body and what my dr thinks was oxygen loss and mild brain damage. I also have moderate obstructive sleep apnea and have loss of oxgen which I think makes the problem worse.Could that brain damage and oxygen deprivation cause dementia/alzeheimers? how do I tell?the past 2 years I've gone through periods of complete memory loss issues, forgetfulness, and \brain freezes\ that leave me completely stumped...at first after surgery, I noticed little things wrong with my memory like not remembering my older children were from my first marriage or that I had been married before but the dr said that might be due to PTSD and the memories may come back.for example I know what words; are but forget what they mean or mix words up; like last week in my dr's office I told him I would sit in the table instead of chair; when I know full well what a table & chair are for and didn't even notice I said I would sit in a table until the dr looked at me weird and questioned me.another thing is when someone jokes as my husband often does, I don't know what it means any more and have to ask him to explain it all to me...I have problems sometimes even remembering my children's birthdays or how old they are...that should be easy, and I thought my husband and I had met when we were teens yet we didn't know each other or live in the same city and didn't meet until he was 29.I was shocked to find when I had a psych eval last month that I could not subtract numbers as I used to no matter how much I tried I only got 1 number right -    I mean 3rd grade math stuff subtracting 7 from 100 I got; but then i couldn't even remember what that number was or how to subtract 7 from that sum.In the past 2 years, I've had a ton of tests done to try and figure out what's going on healthwise.    The only thing besides electriacl issues with my heart; is I have inflammation throughout my body they can't find a cause of and I've had just about every blood test there is to check for most possible problems.any ideas?
My father has been placed on 4 new meds in Nov 2012 for his dementia and depression .Now he is having a great diffuctly urinating will go for 12 hrs at times .I was wondering if it could be caused from any of the new meds he has been place on ..Exelon patch 4.6mg ,Geodon 20mg 2 times a day Remeron 30 mg 1 time a day and Abilify 15 mg 1 time a day ..it is always late evening before he is able to go usually around 6 or 7 pm .He is also a parkinson patiance just so you know ..Any answer I appreciate..Last week it all caught up with me.    I did not even recognize exhaustion until it was full blown. I had been communicationing with my father's primary care physician, cardiologist, dermatologist, getting medications coordinated, talking with the nurses in my father's building who dispense his medication, a visiting nurse (Dad had been in heart failure), a private nurse who checks in on Dad weekly, mostly due to ptsd from WWII and the dementia, and a CNA who visits one afternoon a week to try to get him out of his apartment. Nearly all his mail comes to me, but last week I found a bill in his apartment for a magazine he subscribed to that renews automaticly. I had to take care of that and because his doctor's office will only send correspondence to the patient, I had to send documentation from his insurance company, along with my power of attorney, to get the office to call me with any appointment reminders and pre-op instructions. I was also grieving the loss of the father I used to know.    The one who kept himself maticulously neat and clean.    Most of the time I can accept what's happening to Dad, but last week was really hard. Luckily, my husband and I were able to get away for a few days, but that can't always happen. I need to learn to take care of myself better.    Any suggestions? My father has vascular dementia. He lives in an independent living situation about 30 miles from me.    Last week, when I arrived to take him for a doctor's appointment, I stepped in a puddle on the kitchen floor. Discovering a major leak under the sink, I called maintenance.    While the worker was trying to make temporary repairs, the toilet overflowed. Dad was like a little child.    He didn't know what to do.    My heart went out to him. I explained that the maintenance people would take care of everything.    He was very mellow and accepted that. I don't know what would have happened if I wasn't there. Soon we were on our way to our appointment.    Dad did not know where we were, why or where we were going. He forgot that he has skin cancer on his head.    He will be having Moh's surgery next week.    From what I've been told the cancer was probably made worse because Dad's answer to curing all lesions is to use hydrogen peroxide which from what I understand can kill healthy cells that might combat the cancer.    Both the dermatologist and the surgeon said that the cancer might be very deep.    The surgery involves taking layers of skin and examining them under a microscope while the patient waits.    If there is still cancer present the procedure is repeated over and over until its gone. Microscopic findings can take up to an hour each time. I am trying to think of things to keep Dad occupied during that time. Any suggestions? It just occurred to me that he just might fall asleep inbetween. He sleeps alot. Other that talking about his childhood and the army, I might have difficulty engaging his interest.
Hi, I visit my Mom in long term care, she is getting dementia.    I get mad at her because she keeps repeating herself, yelling for \Help\ when she doesn't need it.    I know I should just ignore her repeations and try to reassure her, but I find myself thinking of how strong she was and now she is so helpless.    I am also caregiver for my 50 year old sister who is brain damaged.    Some times I get so overwhelmed.    My brother and sister live far away and my other brother , who lives in town, has suffered 3 strokes in one night and he cannot speak or walk.    He can understand, but he cannot get across what he wants.    Thanks for listending.
I am signing up to discuss my father's health.    He is 85 and I recently moved him to an Assisted Living Facility.    I like the place and I visit regularly but although my father was already diagnosed with Dementia, I see him more withdrawn as time passes by and this progressed rapidly after I moved him to the ALF.I noticed that he is taking Sequerol and recently needed to have oxygen because his oxygen level was low.    He is also diabetic and receives insulin shots twice a day.    Aside from his other medications, he was taking Aricept before and now is he Sequerol.    I am concerned about Sequerol since I don't think my dad is bipolar or has schizophrenia.    How damaging can Sequerol be?    Is it better to continue with his Aricept to go along with the Namenda.    Other medications are Lipitor, Metformin.. and I'll double check on add'l. ones.Thank You
Hi people,My mums decline may have showed signs over the last three years since my dad died. Shes 72, but in this last month and a half she lost it. i see, that from now on she can no longer live on her own.    Hallucinations at first, now regulated with Risperidone, psychiatrist thinks its dementia. She keeps her upkeeing as much as possible but    unable to perform daily tasks. dressing, cooking, making coffee..cleaning, I help her in fact i do it. Im her only child. and im exhausted. she is very tired all the time low energy as she is a tiny person in size. i remind her about food. She takes antidepressant too which help. and vitamin B1, 12, 6.She bagun to wet the bed a few times. and is generally very low. She often says some pretty mad things. and when i say kichen she goes to the other direction. generally confused big time.i know i need to find home care. I take her to a day center three times a week now for Alz, where they do activities.I am wondering what stage of this are we in.    is it advanced, not, where am i? Can it happen so suddenly amd why? if so whats to follow. Does it level for a while or does it move at the same rate.could it be psudo dementia from deep depression. or am i being fooled.Thanks for hearing me and to anyone out there that either shares teh same or has the knoweledge about my questions.Thank you,
My 78 year old father was diagnosed with dimentia(dementia)about 5 years ago. Finding that there are good days and bad days with this disease. Last night my father was speaking with my sister in CA (we live in MI) and she was talking about her boyfriend of 25 years and my father emphatically believed that he was simply her landlord and not her boyfriend and even had trouble remembering his name. My father lives alone in a house about 40 minutes away from me.My father has always been a rational and logical person. Watching this deterioration is heart-breaking. Anyways brought this issue up and asked him what he expected me to do with this information since he is always in denial about things like this. He told me that he knows he is having a \little\ trouble and instructed me not to do anything and that he will let me know when it is time for me to step in and help. I told him that I am worried that he may be out driving one day and forget what yield means or what a red light means and that he may injure himself or someone else. That didn't seem to phase him.Guess I am looking for advice. Don't want to forcibly put him in any home. We've toured Assisted Living facilities, and as nice as they are nowadays, in his mind they are just dressed up final resting place before death. I won't force him into any place like that unless the care he would require is beyond my ability.Thank you to all for any advice.LaurieHi All,This is my first time to post in this forum, i am lost with the health case my mother is having right now, so i'm hoping to find valuable opinions hereMy Mother is aged 64 now, she has Type II Diabetis, and had a meningioma surgery (Frontal Lobe) last May2005.The tumor extracted from that surgery was big, and it caused my mothers smell, so after surgery she had no sense of smell already.. but the good part is she returned to her \normal self\     e.g. she knows what she's doing, she can control her urine, and her behaviour is back to normal - unlike before she was operated where she doesn't know or is not aware of what she is doing, very evident behavioral change, and uncontrolled urine...Before she was diagnosed with meningioma she had several months of high blood sugar level, this in fact was our first theory that the long period of high blood sugar level is causing the behavioral change since she was diabetic, but later ruled out as i said because she was diagnosed with meningioma...Now, 4 years after that surgery, we are again worried for the signs we are seeing. To give a clear distinction between the case now and before with her meningioma i have breakdown our observations as follows:1. We are seeing again evident behavioral changes... The most significant is her Cognitive abilities... She can reason out properly, but she can not find or speak the word she wants to say.    She can not complete a sentence because she can not produce the word for the object/person/event that she is referring to.        The difference now from before is that before she is totally unaware of what she's doing,    unlike now she has the sense of awareness but could not speak completely due to our observation that she can not recall the word for what she is referring to (people, object, place, event)2. She can control her urine, but poorly that sometimes she urinates in her pants,    but not TOTALLY UNCONTROLLED urination as was the case before..3. She is too silent now, she doesn't tell tales or stories anymore, similar to a total loner where you will see her sitting for hours in a corner not speaking or doing anything, just sitting, even if a person is sitting in front of her she does not communicate, just silent...    - unlike before she seems to have no control of talking to anyone with any topic that comes to her mind..4. She eats normally AND she doesn't lose or gain weight...    her weight is stable at 128 lbs... - unlike before she rapidly lost weight5. She sleeps normally - unlike before she had sleeping problems...6. She has no sense of self grooming now - same as beforeWe returned her to the Neurologist that handled her before, examined her (no CT scans done). The neurologist said she can not see any signs that the Meningioma has re-occured... Her diagnosis was my mother was having a depression, so she prescribed her to take Stablon Anti-Depressant.     But after two weeks of taking Stablon, there was no expected result happening, and worst my mother began showing unawareness of what she is saying... so we immediately stopped the Stablon and informed her neurologist, which also agreed to stop the Stablon.Tomorrow we're returning my mother to the Neurologist for further examination as requested by the neurologist herself.I am now lost on my mother's case....     Based from the observations above, is this meningioma re-occuring?     Or Early stage of Dementia?     Or another Neurological disorder?Please Help me...    What should we do to get a clear definite diagnosis...Hi everyone.I am already a member here at Medhelp, however I am new to the Caregivers community. (Thanks Tuckamore!!)I am permanently disabled. My dad is 81 years old, has dementia, diabetes, copd, triple bypass, sleep apnea, chronic pneumonia, he aspirates his food, is    incontinent, oxygen dependent, has short term memory loss due to a coma last Thanksgiving, etc, etc. the list goes on and on. Last Thanksgiving he was in a coma, he had pneumonia and H1N1, he was placed on a respirator and was not expected to live.... but he pulled out of it! (his doctor said he has 10 lives... not 9!)He has no short term memory, so every thing is repeated all day, every day! He was in a nursing home after the hospital and between my mother, brothers and sister we ALL agreed that we could care for him at home if we all pitched in.... that was April! I find that I am the ONLY one aside from my mother who is taking care of him... and it's 24 hours a day! Even though I am disabled due to back and neck injuries, and I am on morphine 24 hours a day I have to sleep in a recliner in the living room because he will wake up at night and wander to the kitchen! He almost always doesn't have his walker, which he will fall down without, however since the walker was given to him AFTER the coma he doesn't remember it. I can't let him \raid the refrigerator\ because he is a diabetic and often his blood sugar is over 200 with insulin!!I am upset with my siblings. My dad has been home since April yet I am the ONLY one here giving him care 24 hours a day! My mom is 79 and is starting to lose her hearing... she has trouble walking due to ankle problems, she wears braces on both ankles every day. Most recently I have found one of her pills on the floor, three times in two weeks!! She is forgetting things and she becomes angry with dad because he forgets his walker, (and for many other reasons, like the incontinence). She will yell at him and I feel so bad! I end up stepping in and telling her to take a break, now matter how tired I am!! So now it looks like I have to start caring for her also.I guess I came here for some moral support.... I don't know what else to say to my brothers and sister that will get them to realize that I am overwhelmed with all of this! I am thankful that dad survived and I am thankful that we could take him home to pass away. He is now doing better and his doctor said he \looks better than he has in 10 years\ so I know I am doing a good job but I need a break!! I just know I won't get one!Thanks Tuckamore for letting me know that this caregiver world is here.
My    grand mom    has some form of dementia she is 80 years    old, when s he was    first    diagnosed with it she was saying    that     I wasn't her    granddaughter,    that    she    didn't     live    here,     she was    saying all    sorts of things,    I    love    with hr        but    so    does    my    grandfather,    I tried to get    her in the     hospital        I even    called her    doctor    but she told me    she     couldn't    make    her    come    in. OS    I    did     alot of    praying, I    loss    sleep    but    slowly    she came    back to herself    and    it was like    it never happened.    But then    today she    had a    dream    and    and she    thought it was    real    I    have    to tell     her a lot today that    it was    just a    dream    but    so far    she    hasn't     gone    off as    bad as    she    did        the    first time.    My    question    is    what    can    I really    do,    it seems    I am    the only one    that really    cares what     happens
My father in law has dementia. His doc has him on xanax to help him sleep at night (to try to keep the reversal from happening, which happened with my MIL). He seems to have developed a resistance to the dose already - it has only been a couple of months so he is calling people in the middle of the night to chat causing us to have to run over there in the middle of the night to check on him.    Any luck with melatonin or other things to help?He wants to stay at home but cannot afford 24hr care so he is left alone at night after he is put to bed. He is told to stay in bed (he has O2 and depends and pads so he does not have to get up) but he still gets up.He is seeing the doc in a couple of days anyway - just wondered if anyone had any ideas?
My father has vascular dementia.    Up until now he has lived in a senior independent living situation.    Recently, his symptoms have become more severe.    He used to spend alot of time sleeping in his favorite chair.    Now he sometimes doesn't bother to get out of bed.    One day he called me to say he needs to go into a home, that he needs some one to take care of him.    It was very sad. The first time, I looked into it for him and called him back.    He acted like I was crazy and told me he has everything he needs right where he is. He calls me sad like that about once a week.    Where he lives now, nurses come in twice a day to give him his meds. Another nurse comes in once a week to evaluate him.    He is sometimes in heart failure.    He also has post traumatic stress disorder from being in World War II.    She counsels him with that and keeps an eye on his symptoms of dementia. A CNA visits once a week.    She was helping him with socialization.    She would take him for walks, play pool or cards, and have lunch with him. Now he won't cooperate at all.    I think he is depressed.    The geriatric pyschiatrist, who sees him for about 15 min. once a month, thinks that he feels lost and in despair and needs assisted living.    Dad still is able to wash up, dress himself.    He shaves (somewhat) and cleans his dentures.    I heard that moving a dementia patient will only send them down hill more quickly.    I have to admit that when he stares off into space it scares me.    This happens when I ask him things like \would you like juice or coffee?\ (I'm learning to say things like \Lets have coffee.\ to which he only has to answer \ok\.) Dad does not know how to use the stove, microwave or coffeemaker any more.    He doesn't have the muscle strength to wander. Although I live a distance away, I visit 3 times/week, make sure he has groceries, take him out to eat, go for a little ride in the car, etc.    He is not a danger to himself or others.    So what would assisted living do for him? I think it might make him feel more lost.    Does anyone have experience with this?    Any comments would be helpful. Thanks.
Does Dementia show up on an MRI?My husband has been taking 10mg of Aricept for 2 years now and I have not noticed any significant difference in his memory.    Actually, my observation is his memory is becoming worse.    I'm struggling with whether I should discontinue the medication since I don't see improvement and because it is quite costly.     I also know Aricept is designed to slow down the dementia so if I discontinue it I'm wondering if he will become worse much faster.    Is there any other medication out there that may work better and cost less?Thank youTrinity
Does all progressive dementias show brain atrophy or degeneration on mris?My brother who has dementia lives with my sister who is his carer. However she does not give him his daily statin as she read in a newspaper that statins cause memory loss. She said his dr agreed he could stop taking them.I have been looking after him this last week and noticed that the statins are still on his repeat prescription.As well as Dementia he has a heart condition.I am writing to seek help for my mom who has been diagnosed with carotid atherosclerosis and cerebral infarction. She also experiences the symptoms of short-term memory loss (she cannot remember what she had for breakfast, she gets lost in the neighborhood), irritability, confusion, etc., doctors suspect that she may have vascular dementia or AD.My mom was taking Aricept (Eisai), Enteric-coated aspirin, a Chinese medicine that contains Statins, and Ginkgo biloba. But she found purple area on her body (probably Purpura), and the now has stopped taking all drugs except Aricept.My mom develops purpura after taking Aspirin and other drugs, does it mean that she cannot take any anticoagulant and antiplatelet drugs, as potentially all of the blood thinners have the risk of causing bleeding? If so, what can she do to reduce blood clotting in the artery to prevent further strokes? She was taking Asprin 100 mg per day, together with Statins, Ginkgo biloba (also an anticoagulant). Could she reduce the dose of aspirin, instead of stopping taking it at all? Or can she take Aspirin but stop taking other anticoagulants and antiplatelet drugs (like Ginkgo biloba) at the same time?Thanks! Your kind help will be greatly appreciated!Vickyp.s. My mom does not have high blood pressure, no heart disease, no high blood lipids. Her blood test shows that CHOL, TG, HDL, LDL are within normal range. R80 whole blood viscosity, ESR (20. 0 MM), and RBC (0. 45 L) are beyond normal range.
How is dementia diagnosedHi all. I've only just found you. Can you not advertise your forum on other forums? Many of the people who post questions are caregivers but they're just asking med, condition type stuff. Anyway, writing from UK, have been looking after mum (90) for 13 years. Heart problems, blood disease, dementia, all the usual attendant difficulties.She never complains and is always thanking me. It makes me feel so bad because sometimes I'm thinking that did i really go to uni and go into a profession just to clean up wee and poo? Garden , ciggie, beat myself wth proverbial sticks and it doesn't feel so bad when i come in.i am so angry, so fuming, so frustrated and so helpless you cannot imagine. I feel like my head's about to blow apart.Firstly, we are ordinary people and have to rely on the authorities to give us help. I have carers to help me for a total of 3 hours a day and do the rest of the 21/7 on my own.Last week mum was rushed to emergency >resussitation. I had been up for    weeks, snatching sleep when i could. In the middle of this life and death activity, I was watching the stainless steel moving and the floor started rising towards me. I alerted a nurse before I collapsed.Mum now in hosp and I have been told it's enough now, I can't do it any more, it's too much for me. OK. I see that. I am mentally and physically exhausted. So i    asked the Community for more help. They were wonderful -    not.! more hour day and no night care atall! I'm devastated! I don't want my little mum to go into a nursing home, I can't bear the thought of it, but what can I do?    I haven't stopped crying for a week- I'm in bed re conking out - and haven't seen my mum. Plus, my sister's been to the hospital and they've mixes up all her meds. Can you imagine how I feel? I was on here for 3 hours last night writing to the hospital. I told them my mum does not need any help up the Stairway to Heaven thank you, she's in there so we'll have her a bit longer. They've given her aspirin even though i gave them a list in big red writing of all her allergies, Stopped her heart meds which keep her going, refuse to put sides on the bed and I nearly burst a blood vessel when I heard she'd fallen out of bed.So, anyone out there who can tell me how to cope with placing my little mum in care? also, anyone know any UK laws re. this joke of a *** hospital?And, whoever believes, please send me peaceful thoughts cos I am exhausted but the adrenalins going re. all the hosp stuff and i am so so agitated. Thanks in advance
Hi, folks--Dad (now 86) diagnosed with probable vascular dementia 2 years ago this coming Feb. He's had 2 strokes the past 9 months (one major, one small); right CVAs. We've suspected for many years that he has bipolar disease and personality disorder, though these have not been confirmed (just started seeing psych person w/in past couple months, and given the whole picture, ferreting out what's what has not been feasible.) My Dad has never been one to really cooperate w/ family, now it's worse. He's in assisted living now; looks like I may have to go for guardianship due to increased behavior problems and his having no understanding of his abilities/challenges/need for assistance. Had    hoped to avoid legal action because he's so nasty already.In his \healthy\ years, he frequently sued people, often far-fetched and found to be w/o merit. Dread this. Any suggestions from people that have been through similar situations would be really helpful--things you'd do differently if you knew what you know now? I have 2 sisters and they are not much help, sometimes more hindrance than just non-participatory. Thanks for any help you can provide!
Hi I have had undiagnosed neurological problems for two years. I am thirty two years old and suffer from neurological problems such as dementia, muscle wasting, peripheral neuropathy, there are two sisters that have celiacs and two nephews with it. I am concerned about my son if he is gluten sensitive he could develop the same issues as me so I want to have genetic testing done for this. From what I understand people who develop the neurological problems and disease from gluten often do not have problems with the bowel. Anyways my question is would I need to have the genetic testing done or both of us. I am concerned about my health but my main concern for the testing is the future health of my son.
My mother is in end stage dementia, is bedridden and has renal failure and double incontinence,    she has had dementia for about 6 years and has gone downhill rapidly this year having just come out of hospital being she had malnutrition due to not realising she had to eat.    She is 87 years old and is being assessed for a care home place.    I would like to know what is the possible life expectancy for her - would it be better to die in her own home, rather than be shifted out to a care home for assessment and then on somewhere else after that.    What is the likelihood of her living much longer.    I wish she could pass away peacefully at home.what is initial drug in the treatment of mild dementiaMy mother who is 70, has been diagnosed with a Vascular Dementia Condition. This is further complicated by depression. She is on treatment for depression, asprin and a statin.I always thought Dementia was a slow progressing condition.But it appears that over the last few months the condition just seems to get that little bit worse week by week.The Dr said that sometimes there is a run of tine wee strokes and then things may plateou out for a while, however, we are a year down the line and this has not happened.I am a person that kidn of looks at worst case scenario and best case scenario and work somewhere inbetween, however, I cannot find much on what type of prognosis could occur.Any advise gratefully received