Hello, i just found out my mother has alzheimers.    I was wondering if anyone knew how long I have with her, and if there is any treatments to stop the progression?    I am looking for a miricle as my mom is my best friend and loved my everyone.Thank you so much.
My Grandpa and all of his siblings (on my Dad's side) had Alzheimer disease. What is the chance that my dad will get it and is there anything that we can do to stop it?
Does anyone have an idea of the life-span of a person (relatively healthy) who is in late stage Alzheimer's?     My mom doesnothing for herself except    open her mouth when she is fed.    About 14 mos. ago, she was walking, talking (intelligibly), &taking care of her basic needs with a little guidance.    Now she is nonverbal & sits in a wheelchair; seems like she has nobrain function, only her body is alive.    I would love to hear any feedback from anyone who has been there.    Thank you verymuch!!!    Roni
why should you ask a patient prior to drawing their blood if they are taking blood thinners?
I'm a 51 year old man.My MRI Scan of Brain diagnosis read :MR reveals few punctuate T2 and FLAIR hyper-intensities in bilateral centrum semiovale.These are isointense on T1 and do not show restricted diffusion on DWI, suggestive of Chronic ischemic Microangiopathc changes.No evidence of acute infaract,hemorrhage,mass lesion,arteriovenous malformations, Chiari malformation/basal invagination or demyelination is seen.The doctor says I have high risk of Alzheimer's in a few years.How high is this risk?How accurate is this diagnosis?
Could you please explain what white multi focalmatter of the brain that shows up on an mri exactly is and what illnesses are related to this?
Hi i am sorry never posted a question on a forum thing before so sorry if its not quite right.I am 25 years old and i have been suffering from some kind of time lapse, it happened for the first time quite a few months ago and i thought nothing of it but now it is happening more and more, and it only happens when i drive. it happended again today, i was driving down the road one minutue and then the next minute i was 5 - 10 mintutes further into my journey and i cant remeber driving down the other roads.for example on my way to work today. i was driving down the road by the local pub, next mintute i am breaking to go round a round about about 10 minutes from the pub. and in between this i have had to drive on an express way and go down quite a bendy road. its scary the fact that i cant remeber driving down those roads plus my 2 year old daughter is in the car with me so if anything was to happen i dont know what i would do. i dont seem to have these time lapses any other time they only seem to happend when i am driving. and i wouldnt say i was forgetfull or suffering from any other kind of memory loss either. am i just being paranoid ?, there is no history in my family for memory loss or anything like that.has anyone else had this before ?Many ThanksGemerton
I'm really interested in Fred Hassan's characterization of Alzheimer's disease as our biggest health care challenge. Wondering what others think of his article and proposed solutions: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/fred-hassan/alzheimers-disease-our-bi_b_287044.html
I'm 67 yr old female, had aches and pains in hips and legs , shoulders extremely tired , doctor said fibromyaliga took Lyrica had serious reactionto drug, throat close , doctor prescribe Sevella was still fearful so I did not take this drug. I went to a Muscul/Skeletal center, there I was diagnosedwith reheumatoid arthritis, He also did other test and said I tested positive for Lupus , but because of the lack of other systems he didn't think I had that , also mild back flow of left heart valve. Treatment was a shot of cortisone in each hip and priscribed(prescribed)Meloxicam 1 day for 6 weeks this all helped a great deal.So I started packing for my road trip to NJ, the day before I awoke not feeling myself couldn't put a finger on it, waited a couple of more daysDepression thats what it is, called doctor asked him if Meloxicam could cause this , he said he didn't think so, he priscribed(prescribed)Sertraline, had servereside effects, extreme heart burn , sore throat, tongue and mouth blisterslost 8 lbs in 5 days, not complaining about that part.     Dr. prescribed Lexapro, rapid pound heart, weak and tingling in arms and legs.Stoped this drug. Asked Dr. about something natural he said St. John Wort. After all this I'm still depressed    so I did some research on St. John Wortside effects do not seem to be so extreme as the chemical drugsI've been taking now for 5 days a little upset stomach but other than thatI seem to be able to tolarate it and am still depressed but last 2 night I woke up from sleep with rapid heart beat could this be from St. John Wort or the Depression.    I feel like it is hopeless
I just read the book and they say a lot about predictor's of the disease.    My great aunt is a nun and I'm just wondering what everyone's reaction to the book was.
They diagnosed my 87 year old grandma.    I called her two days after and she not only remember my name to voice butasked about my baby and wife by name.    She is old and forgetful at time yes; is not that what happens when you get old?    I live in a different region than her so things get to me last. Grandpa just died three months ago, could this just be grief of her loss and bad diagnosis?    Apparently she went for a walk the other day, she is not stable because of her loss of grandpa(65yrs together). Tell me more.jake
My dad suffers from AD.    He is 65 years old....diagnosed at 62 and is already considered early stage 2 of the disease.    My mom and myself are his primary caregivers (she lives at home w/ him I live in the same town, but with my son and husband..)    The AD came early, and, came quick.    I have watched my dad go from being my loving, sweet, intelligent dad.....to a nervous, obsessive, sometimes grouchy shell of himself.    I have seen cancer take people in what I thought to be the most viscious of ways...until now.    AD is by far one of the most devastating diseases I've ever come in contact with.    Utterly heartbreaking....I feel for each and every one of you who live with this disease...as patients or caretakers.I am always looking for new medicines to treat AD....looking for what's on the horizon. Several months ago I came upon a small article that talked about THC (the active component in Marijuana) being studied to inhibit plaque growth on the brain.    I've been constantly checking on these studies to see what has progressed and what I read is promising....http://www.babyboomer-magazine.com/news/123/ARTICLE/1131/2008-01-31.htmlWhat do you all think?    I think it's ironic...treating a disease that epitomizes forgetfulness with a drug that for years has been said to cause it??
Can a pet scan tell the difference between alzheimers and depression?
Can someone diagnosed with Alzheimer's get their hair permed or will it have an adverse affect?
Hi everyone.    My father is an alzheimer's sufferer.    He abruptly began getting much worse in early 2009 and has since lost his ability to do about everything since.    He had an MRI on June 22, 2010 that I recently received a copy of, and I'm trying to decode the meaning.    Can anyone offer any help on this?        It says:MRI BRAIN WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL STATEMENT:    Cerebellar ataxia.    Alzheimer's worsening symptoms.COMPARISON:    Prior MRI of the brain dated 3-18-05 is available for direct comparison.Findings:    The study is limited due to motion artifact throughout the examination.    The craniocervical junction is grossly unremarkable without crowding or narrowing at the level of the toramen magnum.    The corpus callosum is fully formed.    The ventricles and sulci are diffusely prominent, consistent with generalized volume loss.        Findings are not significantly changed.    There are patchy and confluent areas of subcortical and periventricular T2 FLAIR signal hyperintensity noted involving the bilateral cerebral hemispheres, not significantly changed and typical of chronic small vessel ischemic related changes.    Bilateral basal ganglia chronic lucanar intarctions are also present.    There is no restricted diffusion to suggest acute ischemia.    There are scattered areas of blooming artifact about the bilateral basal ganglia lacunes, consistent with chronic mineralization.    The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are aerated.
About 2 1/2 years ago my father had a heart attack at work nobody preformed CPR on him and the left him lay their for 45mins there were a few guys from his work that arived at the hospital and told my sister that my father collapsed at 400pm and the 911 report said the call wasn't made till 445pm anyways my question is now the doctors said my father has moderate alzheimers all he does all day long is lay around the house he is living with my sister at first he pee'd the bed he doesn't do it anymore but he cant remember to take a shower you have to actually get upset with him and tell him to get in the shower or he cant have a cigarette yes i know he shouldn't be smoking but my father in the past before his heart attack was an alcoholic as well as a smoker and he was in very good shape when he first came out of the hospital he took off in my sisters car we think he was trying to go back to his house we had called the cops because it was starting to get dark the cops found my sisters truck but not my father about 1 hr later my boyfriend and i had found him thank god. The next day he kept taking off on my sister trying to get cigarettes so she told the doctor what he was doing and the doctor told her to let him smoke but to control his cigarettes he kept thinking he had to go to work he couldn't understand what was going on he doesn't remember my b-day or my other sisters he keeps thinking i have kids and i am married which i am not nor do i have kids,I was talking to him a few weeks ago and he keeps telling me that god is punishing him ,and he keeps saying that they come to him at night and talk to him.He has been latley not willing to do anything except for laying in bed all day long,i asked him what is bothering him and he tells me nothing he is just waiting for his time to come.he is 49years old do you think this is alzheimers disease?or something else?he is on i think like 5 medications and one is to treat alzheimers but it doesn't seem to be helping at all is their something else he can take to help?
my father was diagnosed with altimizers about 4 years ago he also had heart and lung problems he went for a check up on 10-30-2007 .the doctors report stateed he was doing ok and he would reveluate him in 2or 3 months.after the exam my father was taken outsiede to the waiting room while his wife and her son talked to the doctor about putting him in a nursing home.my father has 3 children i am the oldest . his wife and her son are no relation to us. the doctor advised them he would not put him into a nursing home unless he were to get alot worse because at this time he only had shot spells of memory loss but he still knew all his family and still had a good appitite.he was on oxygen 24/7 after returning home from the doctor he was as normal as he could be for his condition. at1400hrs on10-30-2007 his wife called me and said he had fallen in the floor and would not get up. i arrived at my dads at about 1415hrs as he is only a couple mile away.at this time he was in the floor playing like a child. my wife called 911 . i ask how long he had been like this and his wife said that her son who lives 20 miles away had been there all night and had just gone home .she said my fathetr had been like this al night . the emts arrived at around 1500 hrs checked his vitals and ask why his oxygen was down so low the then turned it up to 5. he was then transported to the hospital while trying to treat my father in the er his wifes son walked in and my father    became very angry with him and even ball up his fist and told him toget out and not to touch him .he went out into the er waiting room when i came out he was on the phone with the nursing home i know because i ask him who he was talking to when he told me i became very upset and told my father was not going to a nursing home . my wife call my fathers doctor and he exsplained that my dad was to stay in the hospital.and that he could not be moved to a nursing home without an order from him. the next day my father developed phuenomia the doctor came in and spoke to me and his wife she had dnr oaoers but had not signed them. again i was upset . the doctor exsplained that even if the phuenomia were treated and got better his quality of life would be 10 times worse than before .at this time i was going to sign the papers but she grabbed them and sign them . myfather was taken off life support later that day and past away on11-1-2007.i need to know if his oxygen had been cut down or off for several hours could this have made his condition bad enough to where they thought they could have him put into a nursing home.
I am a 61 year old women who is on med's for high blood pressure, cholestorol, blood thinner, and maybe several years ago I might of had a TIA? They didn't know for sure at the ER/     I saw a report from my MRI recent report, which said I had this small cyst in my brain.I always had this one problem for years that is remembering peoples names. But most recently I am having problems with other things that I never had before remembering. I make up excuses with people around me so they won't know.I have to fig out a different doctor to see.    My doctor is ok if you got the flu but not anything else.    He isn't thorough.
ALZHEIMER SHOULD    NOT BE GIVEN HALDOL ,    GO READ OUR STORY
Hi everyone,I wanted to get your opinions on my situation.    My grandmother was diagnosed with Alzheimer's approxmately half a year ago.    Since then my siblings and I (I have one older brother and one older sister) have been visiting her at her house, taking her on outtings, and making sure she takes her meds, with my sister spending the most time with her. I am currently finishing my last semester in grad school and my schedule is a bit hectic with an internship and commuting, so I see her approximately 3 times a week.Growing up, my family life was filled with abuse and neglect on the part of my parents and some relatives.     I am not very close to my family (with the exceptions of my siblings) I have a very strained relationship with my parents (divorced), but am better off keeping it that way.    I have always wanted to move away from San Francisco and explore    I want to be able to start a new chapter of my life. My grandmother moved in with my siblings and I when I dad moved away when I was 10.    She took care of us, but still had emotional problems of her own that she took out on us, but I knew she loved us.Sorry to babble, but I just want to give you guys the background story.    My problem is that I want to move to New York in about half a year.     I currently live in San Francisco with my siblings and my dad. (I know it might seem odd that I live with my dad, consiering we barely speak, but I moved back home from college when I was 22 and have been in the rat race to make money and complete grad school ever since(I am not 26).    My goal has always been to leave this city and distance myself from a majority of my family, in hopes of being a happier person that i currently am.    At this time in my life, I would like to explore the world around me.    I have never been on a vacation, never left the country, and feel like it's high time that I live my life!    However, with my grandmothers diagnosis, I don't know what to do.    I have a feeling that my sister will become her primary caretaker (despite the fact that my dad and three uncles also live in the city, and visit her on a weekly basis).    I know how stressed and upset I feel when my grandmother is having a bad day (which is most of the time) and can imagine how my sister feels.    I don't know if my sister will resent me if I move away, I see her voluntarily taking on more responsibility.    She is not the type who would express her feelings, and she knows of my plans to move (she's known about it for years) and has not said anything about it.So, bottom line:    AM I BEING SELFISH?    I am open to your advice, and would appreciate constructive criticism.    Thanks!
My Mom is 82 years old and as of June '07 she seemed fine to me.    She sometimes forgot names of people she met, but she recently moved into a lifecare community in FL from Vegas and there were alot of names to remember.    She has chronic UTI infections and she experienced one in June '07 that made her very confused.    She ended up in the hospital where she became paranoid and hallucinated. After 2 weeks in the health center, she went back to her apt. and other than not handling her medication, she went through 2 cataract surgeries and seemed to be coming back.    3 weeks ago she had another UTI infection that caused edema in her feet as it had gotten into her kidneys.    She was in the hospital for 3 days that caused the paranoia, irritability and hallucinations. She has been in the health center now for 2 weeks - on 100 mg of zoloft, aricept, namenda, seraquil and can't walk, is more confused and very irritable to others.    Not her normal personality.    Her neurologist has just taken her off zoloft, aricept and namenda and increased her seraquil to 25 mg 3 times a day (was 25 mg once a day at night).    I am hoping I am doing the right thing for her.    He is a well renowned neurologist and doesn't know what is causing her problems after looking at her EEG, MRI of the brain, Ultrasound of the caratoid artery and CAT scan of the neck.    I believe he thinks it is being caused by the medication.    Anybody have a similar problem with their parent?
i posted a question earlier about my fathers death .if his oxygen had been cut off for several hours what will and autopsy show .because of the facts istated in my prior question and from talking to his doctor his death seems suspecious.
I'd like to know about how long people with late stage Alzheimer's typically survive.    I know every person is different, buti'm hoping for feedback from people who've gone thru this with a parent, friend,    & relative.    The only thing my mom doesfor herself is open her mouth when she gets fed.    A year ago, she just needed assistance & guidance but was walking,talking, using a bathrm.    She deteriorated very fast, I believe.    She's only 67 yrs, old & good physical health.    I wouldgreatly appreciate anything anyone would like to share with me.    Alzheime's is such a beyond horrible disease.Thank you very much,    Roni
my moms head shakes while reading or watch tv. she does not go to doc for some reason so I was hopeing to get some info on what might be up to help me get her to doc and help me to stop worring so much, she is 69.
My mother who is 76 is in the end stage of alzheimers. She resides with my father who is her sole caregiver. My sister and I live 4 hours away in another state. My father has been telling us she is doing well and when we speak to her on the phone daily she seemed very confused but pretty good considering. My sister went home to visit two weeks ago and found that everything was not ok. Mom had not bathed nor taken her medicine for several days. She was refusing to do so. The house was covered in dust however no dirty dishes or clothes. My sister had my dad set an appt with a neuro (mom had been being treated by internist) who said she was in the end stage of the disease. I then rushed home and my sister left. My mom was in tears on the bed because my sister had cleaned the house. She was angry and crying and had not eaten. I calmed her down and fed her and she then collapsed, staring straight ahead, not blinking and drooling. She did not respond for about 5 minutes while we waited on the ambulance. At the hospital she had mri, cat scan, eeg, pet scan, xray, carotid artery scan, blood tests ect. The neuro said she had a seizure ( possible mini strokes) and to take keppra. She is on aricept. She was decent when I left her and a home health care nurse had come by to provide some assistance. My mom was upset and did not want them in the house. I calmed her or so I thought.    I left and returned home thinking all was calm when my sister called and said that dad had cancelled the nurse and could not get mom to go to her follow up appt with the neuro from being in the hopital for 24 hours. I am scared and do not know what to do.My father has always adored my mother and taken wonderful care of her. They have been married for 56 years and I do not know what is going on with him. If someone has been through this any insights or ideas on what I can do to help them would be appreciated. Again, I am heartbroken over my mother and very angry at my father. Please help.
My Mother is 90 years old.    Her memory has been slipping for some time now.    However, today it took a drastic turn for the worst.    She called me and wanted to know where my father was.    She divorced him years ago and he has been deceased for years.    She denies that she has lived with her significant other for 13 years.    She also tells me that I never call her, I call her every day and spoke with her last night.    She said she wasn't home that she was with her Mother, who is also deceased.    She gets angry and says that she doesn't know what is going on and that everyone is not telling her the truth.    I know an evaluation needs to be made.    How do I proceed with that.    I can call her family doctor, but not sure how soon something can be done.
My husband does not want to take his medication. He doesn't seem to be able to swallow, yet he is able to swallow his meals. He lets the pills dissolve or tries to chew them. Is this a symptom of Alzheimer's?
I am 26 yrs old and have memory loss. I tend to forget things very often. Have terrible mood swings. Feel irritated very fast. I have severe pain in the end of the right index finger.I don't get proper sleep.Is this Alzheimer's?
Sometimes i think i am losing my mind,,i will see somthing and ask my husband,,where did this come from..and he will say,,i brought it home 3 months ago? i will put something down,,and pffffffffffft poof its gone..I had three remotes now only 2..the grandkids swear,.I am getting old,,but 45 yrs old??????..i don't think so..I think i am losing my mind..is it because i am alone 80%of the time,,i have NO friends..and hardley see the kids,,except on holadays? Plus i have    cirrhosis Of the liver.,,and my story goes on. nice to know there are people To talk to:)..thank you,..My firts time here
I am suffering from mental confusion. While I read any book or advertisement I have to read the letters of the words very slowly and takes a bit of time to know what word (words) are they. If I look a long view my head reels and I get mental confusion for the vehicles and people and it takes some time for me to recognize them.I have cervical spondilitisI have sinusitis.Does these two defects cause mental confusion? Kindly someone advice.
Could you tell me in layman's terms what this means:This is results from MRI/Brain:There is diffuse atrophy.    There is a moderate burden of T2 hyperintense foci seen within the periventricular subcortical white matter bilaterally as well as some foci within the pons and compatible with chronic ischemic microangiopathy.    Diffusion images demonstrate no evidence of acute infarction.Thanks, Angie
Hello all,My cusin aged 32 is having alzheimer symtops-short term memory, tremor in his jaw muscles etc. Recently he tried using binaural music using headphones(there are various companies selling this music-holosync, hemisync, Immrama etc). He has experienced soothing effect using this music but we are concerned about side effects of using this music as it causes sometimes headaches and hangover kind of state. Please can anyone let me know if using such music safe for long term and any medical studies related to this music usage on alzheimer patient which are authentic.
MRI on my mother, aged 72 is diagnosed as gross atrophy with chronic ischemic changes. T2 and FLAIR hyper intensities bilateral capsulo ganglionic region, corona radiata and centrum semi ovale partially suppressed on FLAIRshe is completely bedridden and on nasal feed. Will she be cured? Pl. help.
is lennox gastaut syndrome hereditary
anyone know how to delete posts?
What kind doctor diagnoses Alzheimer Disease?    My Mom has been diagnosed by a    GP, but I would like a specialist to review her case.    Neurologist? Geriatric Physiciatrist?    I'm not sure where to start.ThanksJudy
My mother has alzheimers and she says she has bugs crawling under the skin on her body. The spots she shows me are old age spots our family has had them for generations.    The problem is mom is digging at them trying to get the bugs out making lots of holes in her body. Her arms and legs look alfull but I can not stop her.    She will catch me not watching or even when she goes to the ladies she picks. Is there anything I can do to help stop this? She just does not understand she does not have bugs. That would never happen in a million years as long as I have anything to do about it.
My memory has started a big fade, so I am interested in any therapies. Especially frightening are the number of short term issues that occur daily. I am undiagnosed, but intend to see my doc soon.I have started reading about Okinawa Island where no one gets Alzheimers unless they adopt a lifestyle (or diet) that is not traditional to their island. That seems proof that there is more to their lifestyle preventing Alzheimers than can occur purely from just good genes. Specifically, I am looking for information to determine if there is any benefit for me in adopting their lifestyle and diet if the disease has started?
Last week I had a blood test for Folate which gives my reading as 45.5 nmol/L but the normal range given to me is 7.0-39.7, is 45.5 dangerous?
A woman with Alzheimer disease, feels cold and shivering. when covered with a blanket she sweats excvessively.What is this phenomenom and its relation to Alzheimer's disease.Thanks
hello, I have been diagnosed with Binswanger's Disease, I am having trouble finding someone else with this disease. I am looking for a support group but have been unable to find one. The altzhimers assoc told me that their support group wouldn't help us. I want it more for my wife so she can have others to talk to. Is there any new help with someone with BD? Thanks sockspenny
2 Cardiovascular Proteins Tied to Severity of Alzheimer'sTheir interaction cuts blood flow to brain, limiting its ability to shed plaques(HealthDay News) -- U.S. researchers have spotted two proteins that deliver a double hit to the brain function of Alzheimer's disease patients.The proteins -- SRF (serum response factor) and myocardin -- lessen blood flow in the brain and reduce the rate at which the brain is able to remove amyloid beta, the protein that accumulates in damaging quantities in the brains of Alzheimer's patients, say a team from the University of Rochester.The findings provide firm evidence directly linking two processes believed to play a role in Alzheimer's: a reduction in blood flow and a buildup of toxic amyloid beta. The interaction between the two proteins could prove an effective target for treatment.The researchers said they were surprised to discover that two proteins known for their role in the cardiovascular system were major factors in the development of Alzheimer's disease.The study was published online Dec. 21 in the journal Nature Cell Biology.\This is quite unexpected,\ senior author and Rochester neuroscientist Dr. Berislav Zlokovic, said in a journal news release. \On the other hand, both of these processes are mediated by the smooth muscle cells along blood vessel walls, and we know that those are seriously compromised in patients with Alzheimer's disease, so perhaps we shouldn't be completely surprised.\More informationThe U.S. National Institute on Aging has more about Alzheimer's disease.-- Robert PreidtSOURCE: University of Rochester, news release, Dec. 21, 2008
THERE IS A HIGH RISK FACTOR OF GETTING ALZHEIMERS IF YOU HAVE DIABETIS. ALSO, DOWN SYNDROME ALSO IS ANOTHER RISK FACTOR.
I'd like to know if    the pieces of cataract that fell into the vetreous gel of my eye, after my capsule was broken, will ever fade away or absorb, and if so, how long will it take? The surgery was done on August 3, 2010, and I have 2 big floaters swirling directly in the vision of my sight, along with 100 or so very small spects.    They don't seem to be getting smaller or dropping down out of sight. They are the same size they were after the surgery and the head doctor has confirmed that they are pieces of the cataract that were not removed. I have never had floaters and the opacity in my right eye was really not that bad. I had the surgery because of it's tremendous success rate (98%), thinking it would give me 20/20 vision, which would have been great because of the endeavors I have.
What is the danger of moving my mother from California to Wyoming? I was told by several people that the altitude is too high and not good for her.
For several years my wife has evinced most symptoms of Alzheimer's.    Most recently she has been more subject to dizziness, loss of equilibrium and falls.    The findings of an MRI on 12/10/07 are as follows:\FINDINGS:On the gradient sequences are multiple, punctate areas of susceptibility artifact seen consistent withblood degradation products in the bilateral cerebellum, subcortical areas of frontal lobes, deep graymatter structures and along the right lateral ventricle and adjacent to the corpus callosum suggestiveof prior diffuse axonal injury. Please correlate with patient's history. Differential consideration includesamyloid angiopathy.The ventricular system is normal in size and contour. There is no intra cranial hemorrhage. There isno hemiation. There are no extra axial fluid collections. The diffusion sequences show no restrictionto suggest an acute infarct.IMPRESSION:     Multiple infra and supratentorial areas of susceptibility susceptibility artifact pleasesee above discussion.\Please convert to layman's terms and advise on whether findings are symptomatic of Alzheimer. . . Tks
My sister 76 has had    Alzheimer for 4 years and we have just discovered a large lump in her breast. She is in the stage of not recognising anyone and just sits - therefore we have decided not to get the lump biopsy but I would like to know does she feels any pain from the breast or any where else she may have a ache? Many thanks
I work and when someone tells me something maybe 5-10 minutes later I'm not sure if I got it right on the instructions.It seems as though I can't concentrate very well..What is wrong...lack of oxygen/blood in the brain or what?
Are beta blockers harmful to the heart while exercising
hi, Dr. could you plz tell me what the precent is of getting the alz/demitia, if your mother got it at 65 and her mother had it in her 80's and what can i do to help slow it down. thank you for taking your time to help us out. Barbarathere are 4 daughters what are chances we all get it ?
My mother (91) is in a memory care nursing home.    I brought her (and my dad who is in assisted living) out to Arizona in May - they were both in a similar facility in New York.    It seems like my moms condition started to decline about 6 weeks after the move.    She has had Alz probably 4 years or better.    My dad did a great job of hiding it.    Recently she has been refusing to eat.    She has lost weight and is weak.    The home suggested getting her evaluated for hospice which I did, and yes she \qualifies\.    I had the hospice lady speek with my dad who seems against it.    I think he may feel that she will be relocated to another facility and would not be able to see her - but I am not sure.    He is a man of very few words.    Shortly after the evaluation she began eating again so I did not follow thru with anything.    Now she has stopped eating again the the home is very concerned and once again suggested hospice.    They tell me she would stay right there.    I do have a meeting with the social worker tomorrow to discuss her care plan.    I feel as if by my moving her maybe I caused the decline.    I also don't want to initiate anything to upset my dad.    My mom did sign a health care proxy many years ago and stated that if she were to have an irreversible physical or mental disease that she be allowed to die peacefully.    Has anyone been thru this or can anyone offer suggestions?
My husband(68 years old) had a MRI without contrast recently that showed widespread atrophy and    white matter changes with probable amyloid angiopathy.    No aneurysm or vascular malformation is seen.    There was mention of possible NPH but the neurosurgeon feels hesistant to insert a shunt due to his past history of angioplasty(8 stents in right artery), lung cancer survivor, asthma.    He has all the symtoms(symptoms)of NPH...incontinence, confusion, and walking/balance difficulty.    Is there anything that can be done to reverse some of this, improve a little of it, halt the downfall.    He seems to be more and more confused, especially after laying down and taking a nap in the afternoon.    Is there anything medically that can be done for him?    Is there anything I can do to enhance his life?        What can I expect in the future?my mom has had this for about 4 years all was ok , last week she started asking questions about her family that are gonee, like today was up-set because she didnt tell her mom by today , she said they stayed the night with her when she got up they were gone... her moms been dead for year now. do i go along with this or tell her they were never here or what. i dont want to confuse her more than she is.     she still knows me she lives with me but yesterday she thought we was visiting her in fla,        so do i agree with her or what thank you for all the help
Hi everyone,I have a question, as I'm a little concerned. I was attacked in a parking lot from behind about 5 hours ago, and sustained a concussion from the incident. I have no lasting effects to my knowledge from the incident, other than obvious sensitivity to that area of my head in which it occurred. Sometimes the scar appears a bit sore as well.An MRI done in April of this year (it was just a routine follow up) showed brain scarring. My neurologist asked me if I ever had any major head injuries, and I explained to him what happened. He said it must have been one major blow to show up on an MRI, and he said there might have also been bleeding on the brain when it occurred. Everything is apparently fine now, and he stated it apparently happened to a part of the brain that doesn't involve talking, memory, etc.My question is this: am I going to be more prone to something like alzheimer's or something of that sort because of this? My dad is suffering from that right now, at an early age (67), but he's had numerous other health issues, including stroke, heart attack, etc. I'm a health nut, and in shape - but just worry about what this might cause. Otherwise, I guess you could say I'm lucky in that it wasn't even worse.
Recently had ct in er finding is asymmetric and prominent on rt side lateral ventricle near frontal horn. There may be some mild non-infarct chronic microvascular ischemic change. Elsewhere the periventricular white matter looks normal No atrophy seen. Some    low attenuatioon along the white matter along the white matter below the right insula. I am very concerned not the doctor in er nor my regular doctor talked with me about this. Says I should consider a MRI. What advice do you have. Thank You
My father has never had any health issues other than high blood pressure and gout. He is 64. Last Saturday my mother started noticing sometime slower than normal speach and some confusion. On Monday he forgot how to do PST at work, he is an accountant. On Tuesday it took him 1 hour to do a 5 minute invoice. Apparently not remembering where on the computer to go and how to do it, confussed. Wednesday he forgot his pin number for his bank card, the same 4 digits he has used since bank cards came out. He knows his name, the date, where he lives, who we are. He just seems to be forgetting how to do work related and number related things. It is taking a toll on both my parents and my father is getting tired and discouraged. Could this be beginning Alzheimer's? There is NO family history at all! Can it happen this fast? Could it be something else?Please help, any advice is appreciated.
My grandmother has been in poor health for about three years now- she has osteoporosis, she was diagnosed and treated for lung and throat cancer three years ago, then in the past year broke her wrist, and in the fall that resulted in the broken wrist, a tumor was discovered behind her left ear, it was benign and removed. She was in a rehabilitation hospital over the summer, and was released in October to live with my aunt. Since the surgery to remove the tumor, her hearing has been really bad, even with her hearing aids we had to practically shout for her to hear us or write down what we are saying. Then about a month ago, she broke her leg and my aunt had to temporarily put her into a home, so that she would have round the clock care. I talked to grandma on Christmas day, and other than the hearing, she seemed to be very much \there\ and not at all confused.I talked to her night before last, and was devastated. She didn't know who I was at all, and seemed really unaware that I was even speaking to her some of the time, even with my mother in the room with her, telling her what I was saying. She didn't seem to know my mom or aunt- she kept calling my mother Tex and she called the phone a float. I asked her if she what she was doing and she started telling me that she was driving on a really curvy road and that it was dark.    I asked if she wanted to talk to my son, and she didn't know who I was talking about. I was very much reminded of a family member (not blood related) who did have alzheimers. I know that alzheimers is a gradual thing though. What can cause this rapid mental regression (over a period of only three weeks)?
My mom is 82, and in the last few months, her memory has gone downhill, very quickly. She has COPD, and refuses oxygen, although she has trouble breathing when she walks. Does anyone know if lack of oxygen to the brain could cause the memory loss and confusion?? Thanks
What can i do about small blisters on my feet and hands, it's very itchy and i try almost every thing, i get it only after the winter on the biginning of the summer for 1 to 2 months and then it go a way.Then i stress alot, what can i do about that?Please help?
Want to Welcome Dr. Kaul to our site and for taking time out of your busy days to help us to understand whats going on with our loved ones or us. thank you so much Barbara
The doctors say my aunt has alzheimer, from one day to the next she got so bad, I think maybe she had a stroke or something,    She refuses to eat, she repeats the same word, over and over,like 100 times in a few minutes,    she doesn't talk and has to be on oxygen all the time, they say oxygen isn't getting to the brain.    I don't know, i never knew anyone with this disease.    Can anyone tell me if this is the norm for someone with Alz?    Does this mean she is going to die soon, since the doctors are saying we should \keep her comfortable\?    Any help would be appreciated.    Thank you
I'd like to know, please, what is the prognosis for a patient with Alzheimers in stage 6?Is it a couple of yrs. or less than that typically?    I'd very much appreciate some feedback.Thank you!
I am 69 and live alone. I am very confused som etimes, for instance taking my pants down and urinating on my chairlift instead of using it to go upstairs to the loo,putting my hand into a pan on the stove to see if the water was boiling (it was) buying things I dont want on tv and in shops, forgetting how to cook a meal, problems reading a book as I forget what I have read on the previous page, stumbling about as though I were drunk (I dont drink) confused speech, constantly wanting to sleep.    I have neither friends nor family, and have no social life as I dont drink, cannot afford the theatre, and am disabled so I cannot walk more than a few yards, so I cannot go on coach trips and holidays where I might make friends, and there are no evening classes where I live.    I get frightened when I hear noises outside at night.    I am in constant, dreadful pain from 2 hip operations and have morphine for spinal pain which affects my mobility.    I live on a state pension, and cannot afford the food I am told I MUST eat.    I have hobbies; making jewellery for a charity shop, and I used to be quite a good painter, but I forget how to do that and make dreadful messes now.    I love embroidery, but my sight is not very good now, but I manage to make birthday cards etc. for the charity shop.    I can go for weeks on end and not see a single person to talk with (I cant walk round the supermarket, so have to get my shopping delivered monthly by Tesco)    Depression has been with me all my life; I have tried to commit suicide twice.    I am reasonably intelligent, quite well-read and have worked as a Civil Servant, a credit controller, a nurse and in an accounts department; none of which I could even attempt now.    Sometimes, like today, I am quite lucid, tomorrow I may be a stumbling incoherent old fat woman whom everyone laughs at assuming drunkeness!!!!    How can I do what medics tell me???\Take plenty of exercise\ they say, knowing full well that sometimes I cannot even walk to the end of my road, 10 yards away \Go out and make friends\ they say     -HOW!!!!!, when most of the time I am housebound \Oh youre just being defeatist\ I am told- not true,    just know what I can and cannot physically do, and \go for a nice long walk\ doesnt enter into it. Hello world.........    Anyone else out there????????This discussion is related tohaving early signs of memory loss.
I will need to have a cateract removed soon, & do have some astigmatism.    Is there any reason that I would not have a astigmatism corrective lens implanted.    What is the best corrective lens, & is there anything else that I should know before this is done?Thank you,
hi . dr wanted to ask what is out there that we who have parents who has alz/dem can take like vitiams .    is there anything that can help us to ward this off or help to keep it away till we older . and should we have test done so we know our chances of getting it so we can plan for our love ones so they not have to go throuht what i am with my mom?
My mother has Alzheimers and has recently had 2 sizures.    What could have caused this???????????
If a person has not been diagnosed with alzheimers but is taking aricept, is it okay? will it hurt to be taking it?thanks,
Would sitting at a computer playing certain types of games be beneficial for someone with Alzheimer's, especially in the early stages? If so, where can one find such games for a Windows PC?
sometimes a light flashes by my face right where my right eye ismost of the time a floater, just enough to see is noticedshould I see a doctorwhat are somethings that would cause thiswhat are somethings I can do to clear it up
i cant remember anything for my negative thought......moreover i was in antidepressant amytriptiline 10 mg and revotril .5 mg for 6 months for anxiety,insomnia,negative thought and fear disorder(being kidnapped or some one killed me or someone make myself crime)    and after that i quit those    by tapering off....coz i am only 28 and i have to back to my job as i was facing memory loss,cant concentrate for those medicine....
My mom was diagnosed with Parkinson's about 4 years ago.    She was recently told that she is at the beginnings of stage 3 of Alzheimer's as well.    Recently she has been having blackouts and loss of time.    Her longest loss of time was 6 hours.    She did things during this time such as getting dressed, going to McDonald's to eat, then to a Christmas Lights show and then back home.    The last thing she remembered was getting her coat and gloves before she left the house.    She doesn't remember eating at McDonald's but she remembered some of the Christmas lights, and she doesn't remember going home and eating dinner.    The doctor's have ran all kind's of test and they think the blackouts have nothing to do with Parkinson's or Alzhiemer's.    They want to do an MRI but she can't have one done because of an implant she has in her side that has wires running up her spine into the base of her brain.    They say the implant will cause an overload of electrical surges that may or may not kill her.    Have you heard of anyone with these time losses or blackouts that have Parkinson's or Alzheimers and if so were they part of these diseases or were they diagnosed with something else?    We are at a loss and we are afraid that she may become a danger to herself if she has more of these.
I√¢ Ä ôm ctually from the Auto immune community but felt compelled to write in the Back and neck community.    My Rheumatologist checked my Vitamin D levels and anything under 32 is considered dangerous.    Mine came back a 7.5. I was put on 50,000 iu√¢ Ä ôs of Vitamin D a day this is prescription only, they said it was so low that normal vitamins would not help.    I√¢ Ä ôm amazed that my back problems have gone away.    I always though it was just something that I would have to live with.    I√¢ Ä ôm writing to your community to ask people to have the test run, I was amazed to find out that its not just a test that is ran automatically. There are many reasons why you may loose your vitamin D levels.    I have not felt this good since I was in my 20√¢ Ä ôs and just wanted to let you all know They are finding that low vitamin d levels contribute to several diseases such as Alzheimers, Cancer, Multiple Sclerosis, Parkinson, Rheumatoid Arthritis.    I hope this helps others. I√¢ Ä ôm so amazed in the difference that I feel.
Cabernet Sauvignon and other wines reflect our commitment to crafting fine wines from our estate Margarita Vineyard in the Paso Robles wine country. We endeavor to craft the best California wine possible from each vintage, showcasing the flavors of Margarita Vineyard and the larger excellence of Paso Robles wine.This discussion is related toAlzheimers and coffee.
As far ar the progression of the disease- my Mom is losing the ability to walk.    She is incontinent.    She only speaks on occassion.    She is eating- but with her fingers.    She is still home with my Dad.    I don't think he wants to place her- but I am not sure how much longer he can keep it up.    We do have a nurse but still- it is on him much of the time.    I live in another state but go home as much as I can. I don't know what my question is! I know things just get worse and worse.    It is my Dad's call and we totlly support him.    If he wants Mom at home I want to do all I can to help.    If we need to place her- I want to make things as easy as possible for my father.
i am 31 years old and living at home with my parents while in school. ive no job and felt this was the best avenue to go to get myself employed again. recently i have started at a school that my student loans have been pushed back. this is an ivy league school and the work that is necessary is crucial to my getting my loans reinstated. of which i plan on getting to acquire residency closer to my school. I get no sleep here as my father who has altzheimers constantly talks in his sleep and his voice resonates through the walls,he is always bitching and moaning about my being anywhere in the house thats not my bedroom,and i cannot take this. i got my grades back and i did horribly. and so i am now stuck here until i can get back my loans.which    at the rate of schoolwork i do,not being able to concentrate here at home i find myself begging and pleading with friends to let me stay so i can do work. and when i had my final paper due,i went a few towns away to go to a friends place thern had to deal with ehr screaming 4 year old! ,i got a B+ i needed an A to get loans back.what do i do so i dont end up failing out of my school?
Has anybody ever heard of this before? My teenage daughter decided 2 years ago that she wanted to go vegetarian and I started using more soy to make sure she was getting enough protein. Lately, I decided maybe I'd join her to get a little healthier, etc. and I had someone just recently tell me that eating too much soy can lead to Alzheimers. Has anyone else ever heard of this? Should we not eat soy? My friend who told me this said she read this in a book and that they did a study, etc. Has anyone else ever heard of this? Now I'm not sure what to think. I thought soy was supposed to be good for you. It's just a little bean! Anybody know? I'd appreciate more information on it if anybody knows. Thanks,
The nuro doc asked my father to do this uren test, that is sent to a lab in Mimia Fl, I think it is called Alzh's Alert.My question is has anyone elts done this test, and what other test might thay use to find out if he has Alzheimer's?Thank you
mom is in stage 6. back to hopital to readjust meds for 2nd time. she hardly ever sleeps now. read recently that heavier seditives may be called for as last resort. we are at last resort. she has been taking .05 and 1mg adivan along with lortabs. they have never really helped but for a SHORT nap. Can anyone sujest what type of heavier sedatives might put her down for a good night (or days) rest? she also takes Remeron at bedtime along with other routine alzheimer meds.
40 year male farmer admitted to A&E complaining of sudden and severe headache, fever, shotness of breath, non-productive cough and myslgia. what is the name of this disease.
Want to wish all a very happy holiday as we go throught another year.    I know this will be my last year with my sweet mom so am holding on to each day and making memories that i can carry till the end of my life on earth.mom will not know what day it is or why we are giving her wraped gifts , or even that she opened them 5 secs later but we want to let her enjoy what time she will remember on that day.     being with her each day is a gift to me, I love my mom so much i know it will be hard to be here without her but i also know shes in my heart and i belive i will see her one day when our LORD comes back.hope each and everyone of ya and your loves ones have a awesome Christmas , be safe and love each other. Barbara
Can an Alzheimer's patient forget how to sneeze?
Have you ever used \AlzheimAlert\ urine test form NYMOX laboratories, Hasbrouck Heights NJ.If so what did you think? What have you heard about it?Thanks!!!
ok.. I started noticing this after I smoked. I smoked weed one day and had lots of twitches. Like random body parts would like just involuntarily move.But then like ever since then I've been having these muscle twitches. And I was looking up what it could be and I found like something about it being a sign of it. I also notice that i get them more after I use drugs for some reason.. Like when I smoked a cigarette I get them for the next day a lot more. The same with if I drink or with opiates... Why does it increase when I do drugs?And maybe I am just over analyzing this.. idk. My mom recently died from it though and I think I inherited it. Her dad died from the same disease too. my dad said that the test results of if she really had hd were negative but she had all the symptoms. Or could it possibly be she had another disease?And I think I read that like the more it's passed, the earlier in age the symptoms occur. I am only 17, does it ever come on this young?
I am a 46 year old male that has been experiencing some memory problems. Most people I know have memory problems so the question is what's normal. I can remember verbatim the last 30 to 50 words spoken on a television show or my locker combination from elementary school. But I can't remember where I set stuff down. I forget that I turned the tea kettle on or put a bag of popcorn in the microwave. I do remember it hits me, when I look for my tea. I talk with friends who share some difficulties but it is scaring me.I have an uncle who has alzheimers and a neighbor who was in her forties when it struck her. I used to pride myself in the fact that I could remember everything from my license number to credit card numbers. I can still play simon online. But I am not sure if that's a different type of memory.I realize that anyone can get it but for two unrelated people that live across the street from each other to get it at such an early age would be really something.
My mother 67 has this illness and these last few days she hasent had much appetite. She takes a few bites and shes done    is this from the same illneas?
At the age of 57, my husband was diagnosed with degenerative brain disease. He is now 63 years of age. On November 20, 2007, he was placed in a nursing home. My husband knows who I am, but can only say a few words (what, no). He is totally dependent on the staff to feed, clothe, bathe, etc. He only says    (2) words (No and what). Is this the usual progression of this disease?I have MRI's (inconclusive), spinal taps, etc.Did I miss anything?
My mum has been diagnosed with alzheimers and parkingson deseas, it has devasted the whole family. i keep ringing her all the time and feel that perhaps i need to let her be to get used to it herself. my dad told me in a confidential phonecall that he doesnt know how hes going to cope when the deseases progress. i live 200 miles away from them and i wish to god i lived close, if not for anything else, just to hug them but i dont think i would let go and probably end up suffocating them. the pills arent working and some days my mum doesnt even want to get out of bed. What should i do and how can i help best without smothering them both????????????????
Has anyone had any experiences with intravenous vancomyacin andmerrem and alzheimers?My father was treated for pneumonia with vancomyacin and merrem in the hospital andhad a dramatic improvement in his ability to verbally communicate. Hewas treated with it one day and the next day he started talking again.He spoke in a normal manner for several days after. The doctors were treating the pneumonia not the alzheimers. His communication abilities declined gradually there after. The doctors felt the increased talking ability was the result of treating the infection of pneumonia but was not a treatment for the alzheimers.By chance has anyone observed the coincidence of this effect with these meds and alzheimers?
My Grandfather was diagnosed with Alzheimers about 8 years ago. Medication has helped slow the progression, but I feel as though this is it. He is completely bedridden (well in his recliner, he can't sleep laying in the bed). He is unable to walk at all, he refuses to eat all together besides a piece of toast once in a while, he is incontinent with both urine and stool, he doesn't recognize a lot of his family, and he sleeps all day long. If he's not sleeping, he's crying. Even though he is completely immobile, he sometimes forgets and will drag himself out of the chair, and fall, often hitting his head or getting stuck on the floor, where he then either urinates or defecates. Two days ago he fell out of his chair, and now it's like there's nothing there, even though there was no major damage. He doesn't understand anything and is completely unaware of his surroundings. He's still refusing to eat, has zero bodily excretion control, and cries to communicate. He's obviously stage 7, but do you think this is the end?
http://youtu.be/ls_eVkR9Yas heres for all of our sweet mothers they are Angels on earth.
My mother is 93 and she is in a nursing home..has been for a year. Anyhow she has Alz, in May she was walking up and down the halls, talking and eating well...Now she is in a wheelchair, says very little, not even a smile, and barely eats at all..Maybe a bite or two per meal if that. I have never dealt with this..they say she is in her final stages. What should I expect next. This is awful watching your parent with this disease.thank you for any advice.
About 2 years ago my mother, now 80, was diagnosed with AD.    She takes Amenda (sp).    She was diagnosed by the family doc becasue she was continually making appointments for numbness in her leg.    He would treat her and give meds and she would come again and again for the same thing like she had never been.    He asked her if she was having trouble remembering and she said yes.    My dad takes care of her but he seems to minimize her symptoms.    he says \well we have some very interesting conversations\.    She tells me the same stories over and over and sometimes will tell a story that happened to someone else as if it happened to her.    With that said she still drives, although not at night and not very often anymore.    Dad got her    GPS but she won't use it.    My brother lives out of state and he says there is nothing wrong with her and she is just getting older.    She worries about me and I need to call her at least twice a day or she gets anxious.    She also will not stay at family functions when it starts to get dark and even though she wants me to call her she almost always makes my dad do most of the talking.    She was over tonight and asked me about 8 times where my dog was (it was upstairs in my son's room).    Some days I am convinced she has it and it is a proper diagnosis and other days I think I am overreacting and it is OK and she is just having normal aging.    I can't get my dad to talk about it much other than he tells me he has to stay healthy because she needs him.    He just had 7 bypass surgery and I don't want him to do this alone.    I tell him we are are here to help.    Does she need more tests?    Is there a sure way to know?    Am I over worried?    My daughter-in-law's grandmother has it but she cannot go to the bathroom by herself and needs contant care.    That is what makes me think my mom is fine because she is not like that. Any help would be great.
Hi All, this is the first time I've been to this forum.    I've been a member of the MS forum since 2007.    My husband, who is 55, today, was just diagnosed with Mild cognitive impairment.    I, of course, did the google search when I got home and I am really scared.My husband's mother had alzheimer's and he reminds me so much of how she acted 2 or 3 years before her formal diagnosis.The literature I read was from the Mayo Clinic, and it states that 50% of people diagnosed with this eventually progress to Alzheimer's within 5 years.Just wondered if anyone knew anything about this.Thanks,doni
A study has found that spinal tap fluid exactly recognized those who would develop Alzheimer√¢ Ä ôs disease 100% of the time.Researches in Belgium identified levels of three bio-markers connected with Alzheimer√¢ Ä ôs in the member√¢ Ä ôs spinal fluid and grouped the individuals as a result. The bio √¢ Ä úsignature√¢ Ä ù was exposed in 90% of Alzheimer√¢ Ä ôs patients, 72% with cognitive impairment and 36% of those with no cognitive difficulties.Autopsies confirmed that 64 of 68 patients diagnosed as having Alzheimer√¢ Ä ôs had the signature. The signature model also was 100% precise in forecasting which patients would progress to Alzheimer√¢ Ä ôs. The report was detailed in the Aug. 10 version of the Archives of Neurology.
my mother is in a nursing home and has obvious confusion sometimes, short term memory loss, but most of all she has a lot of hallucinations.she tells me she see these things that i know haven't happened, like some man is chopping off little kids arms and legs in front of her and everyone else is just ignoring it.    she tells me she has gone places, when I know she hasn't, tells me she is now walking, when i know she can't.    She told me once the arm cutting guy was in her closet, so I looked to show her he wasn't, and she told me he built an escape door in there and got out in the other room...I tried to show her there was no such door, but she got really mad at me.    she also call apartments to set up appts to go view them with the intention of moving out of the nursing home...I have gotten a call from one of them checking on her references!They give her seroquel, but it doesn't seem to touch the hallucinations.    she also has parkinsons and the parkinsons meds can cause hallucinations, but I am not sure they cause full blown movies 24/7.    She also has Hep C, so maybe her liver is starting to take a dive as well.i'm just not sure what to do, all i know is that she wants me to take her and all the kids she thinks live in the nursing home with no arms out so we can buy them coats for the winter.    I tell her they don't exist, that it is her meds or something makeig her think they do, she gets very mad at me and starts yelling and cussing at me.Is this to be expected behaviour?    How do you all deal with things ike this?
what is the cause of this sole burning?what is theside effect of taking exess vit b12?
hiMy father is currently ill in hospital with no diagnosis.He fell ill around Xmas 2008 (7 weeks ago).    He is 64 years old.Since Xmas until around one week ago he has had fairly rapid memory loss.    Over the course of the previous week the rate of decline has rapidly increased, e.g. he does not know he is in hospital, where he lives, cannot really hold a conversation as he tends to respond with a random statement, and immediately forgets what he or you have just said.    He is also starting to have hallucinations, e.g. dogs in the hospital, and seems to be increasingly paranoid, although he is generally happy.He has had Cat scan and MRI scans, which have identified a small cyst on his pituitary gland, although the neurosurgeon thinks due to its size this may be incidental to his symptoms.    The scans do not show any change in his brain size,    they do not suggest part of his brain is dying, nor is there any sign of bleeding or of other fluid.In addition to the confusion./memory loss over the previous seven weeks he has had several \bad turns\ which tend to last around a day, these symptoms include:Full body tremors (remain conscious)High (102+) temperaturesHigh Blood PressureFast pulse 120bpm+It goes without saying that all his family are extremely concerned, and would appreciate any thoughts (or experiences) people may have.He has suffered with hand tremors for approx 10 years previously, and memory has occasionally not been 100% for quite some timeThank youGavin
At what stage in the disease    is it not ok for a person with alzheimers to live along?
Two weeks ago, my grandfather seemed to be following his \normal\ route of progressing alzheimer's. Some days were better than others. All of sudden, his blood pressure dropped, his kidney's starting failing, he's defecating and urinating on himself more than normal, he can't speak (he only cries and mumbles words), and now he chokes on and vomits any food the hospital tries to give him. My grandmother signed a DNR and living will, so feeding tubes are out. They gave him so fluids and his kidneys are doing a little better, but thats about it. In your honest opinion, is this the end? I know it's different for everyone, but how much longer do you think he has? He's 85 and was diagnosed about 8 years ago
My grandfather is almost 87 years old. He's had Alzheimer's for about 8 years now. He's been in stage 7 for almost a year and a half, although the only criteria he doesn't meet is completely losing the ability to talk. (He can say 4-5 words at time, although most of it makes no sense). Last year he was in full renal failure from not eating, at which time my grandmother signed a DNI, DNR, and a living will. Some how he pulled through, but I think this is it now. 4 days ago he began freaking out more than usual, grunting and screaming and could not get comfortable. He's been wetting himself 4-5 times a day. Last night he was having trouble breathing, so they called 911. Today at the hospital they learned his heart has started beating irregularly, and he has a urinary tract infection that won't go away. He's a trooper, but I have a feeling he won't be coming out of the hospital this time. I live about 700 miles away from my entire extended family. Should I be planning (I'm a teacher) on going home for a funeral? What are your thoughts and/or experiences?
Does anyone know if this disease is hereditary?    Also what may be instrumental in aquiring this disease (depression, etc.).    Now for the last bit of this question:    Is there a suppliment one could take to detur this disease.    I am a 59yo female, and frankly find memory loss a daily diet.    I am frigtened because mom had this disease, I will be destin to get it also.Any thoughts........Nervous15
Anxietiesby Roses1358Leave a NoteSend MessageAdd as FriendRoses1358Member since Feb 2009, 35 minutes agoTags: sleepingI am writing this for my husband who is a diabetic, take Lantus daily, a kidney transplant for 11yrs,    immune suppressant drugs daily neoral-prednisone-cellcept, high blood pressure, lisinopril,metropolol, amlodipine.    Never had a problem sleeping at night, but in the last 6mos to a year developed insomnia and anxiety.    He is 85yr old male.    I was evaluated at Memory clinic with low onset alzheimers and short term memory loss.    My primary dr first gave me Rozerem which did not help, panic became more intense.    Memory clinic dr ordered Exelon patch and 50 mg Seroquel, still did not work.    After many sleepless nights and panic .25mg daily of Alprazolam together with 50mg Seroquel helped for a while.    Seems whenever there is a change in his daily routines his sleep pattern also changes. (Friend visiting overnite or family get togethers) Seroquel was increased to 100mg. with 1 Alprazolam.    His panic worse just before bedtime (10:30pm).    Since this all started he has become consumed with urinating.    Keeps saying he has to keep going, keeps jumping out of bed every few minutes, or blames his sugar is going down.    One night I did not hear him in my first sleep, got up and took his blood 13x in a matter of 1/2 hr. (it was not down).Makes all kinds of excuses to get out of bed.    Have taken him to all his doctors, including urologist (everything is OK) they tell me. Also purchased adult diapers so he would not have to get out of bed 10x in a night to urinate, wore them 1x (not happily),but since this and increase does not seem to have that anxiety.     So now we have increased Seroquel to 200mg at bedtime and 2 Alprazolam .25mg about 9pm together with all his other pills.    Neurologist is not in favor of Alprazolam but it is the only thing that makes him sleep.    I followed neurologist order for 3 days to give him    1/2 seroquel at 9pm instead of alprazolam with increased 200mg Seroquel one hour before bedtime and it was absolute disaster.    Needless to say we both were sleep deprived.    In desperation each of those 3 nights I gave him 1 alprazolam and in 15min he was asleep like a baby and slept the rest of the night.    My question is I hear so much about the addiction of alprazolam and wonder if this will work for a while again and will we have to increase it again.    How do I explain to my neurologist my concerns for his negative feelings about alprazolam?    My children say he is 85yrs old, been through much...forget the addiction if it makes him sleep.    Stopped neurolgist's order and told his nurse I was giving him 2 alpra at 9pm and we have both had 2 nights of blissful sleep. Has lost ability to take care of any financial household matters in 2yrs (did it all for 58yrs-owned his own business) Who else has any answers or do I sound like an over concerned wife of 60yrs.
I am 67 and am having cognative difficulties. My father died from the ravages of Altzheimers at 62 after being diagnosed in his late 50's.    My mother died from Altzheimers in her early 80s. My maternal Grandmother, and her sister both had senility issues in their late 60's. I am quite familiar with the advanced symptoms but think I have some early symptoms. I am retired and really have a hard time remembering what day it is. I have trouble remembering my schedule.    I moved four years ago and had a horrible time trying to remember where I put things. I am just having more trouble staying organized than I used to, and I have a lot less to organize. I feel fuzzy, like every thing is out of focus.
My friend is concerned her Grandpa might have Alzheimers. He is 75, turning 76 in December.He's had bad mood swings, and his memory has slowly deteriorated. Just recently, about a week or so ago, her Grandpa put something in the toaster oven and cranked it up to it's highest heat. He walked away from it and soon the food was inflames. Her and her Grandma had to put the fire out, and her Grandpa had completely forgotten he put anything in there.Now this is what scared her. Her Grandmas bday was yesterday, and the day before that her Grandpa was going to make a big poster board card for her Grandma.    Her Grandpa forgot that one of his daughters had two baby girls, and said she had two baby boys. My friend had to constantly ask him if he remembered, and he had a confused look on his face and kept saying \no she has two boys\. Finally, after awhile of my friend saying it was two girls, he goes \Ohhh right\ and even forgot their names. Here's the worst part, her Grandpa forgot her own name [my friends]. She was shocked, but tried not to show it, and asked \Grandpa are you serious? Did you forget my name?\ and asked him to write it down to see if he remembered. He struggled and couldn't remember, as soon as she told him he goes \Ohhh that's right\. He also forgot her brothers name.In the past he has forgotten what day it is, several times. Also he forgot when my friends birthday was. Her Grandpa's sister had Alzheimers and passed away from it. Im pretty sure someone else in his family had it too. I know it's hereditary. But what should she do?
My 93 year old mother is loosing her cognitive memory and abilities. Does that have anything to do with the fact that when she is tired, she looses strength in her left leg and tends to fall. When real tired, she can not move. After a brief rest, she can move for a few moments but scared now that she might fall again. Does anyone aware of these symptons? No pinched nerve and brain scans show nothing.
My 82 year-old mother has had severe itching for a while and nothing has helped so far. The doctor prescribed the use of different soap and baby softener for the wash. She uses a gentle soap called Aqoues, for her skin and the same brand lotion for her skin, as well as Myelocort, like Cortizone, I think. Foreign brands. The doctor said that it was due to age, but I disagree. Her blood sugar is good and so the blood pressure. She is also skin-and-bone, in spite of having a very good appetite. I think she's in Stage 6 of 7 and I have seen people with Alzheimer's who are extrememly thin and wasted.Does anyone have a relative or friend with theis itching problem?
My mother will be 53 next month. Over the last couple of years or so, I've noticed a bit of a decline in her cognitive skills. Her memory, problem-solving and decision-making skills seem to be deteriorating a little and I worry it could be something bad. I have suggested she look into it, but she thinks she's not old enough for these to be symptoms of anything and just dismisses it as her being generally aloof. I think 53 is pretty young for alzheimers, but is there anything else it could be? Should she see a doctor?She has also recently been diagnosed with arthritis in her lower back, and has been taking tamoxifen for a few years now, following the removal of a pre-cancerous mass in her left breast. I'm not sure if any of this matters, but I'm not a doctor so I don't know what might be connected.Thank you to anyone who can help.
My mother (82) who has undiagnosed progressive memory loss. Her eyes are rolling back a bit and her eye lids are lower, as if she is sleepy looking. Is this a symptom of Alzheimers or Dimetia?This discussion is related topreventing Alzheimer's.
My friend is concerned her Grandpa might have Alzheimers. He is 75, turning 76 in December.He's had bad mood swings, and his memory has slowly deteriorated. Just recently, about a week or so ago, her Grandpa put something in the toaster oven and cranked it up to it's highest heat. He walked away from it and soon the food was inflames. Her and her Grandma had to put the fire out, and her Grandpa had completely forgotten he put anything in there.Now this is what scared her. Her Grandmas bday was yesterday, and the day before that her Grandpa was going to make a big poster board card for her Grandma.    Her Grandpa forgot that one of his daughters had two baby girls, and said she had two baby boys. My friend had to constantly ask him if he remembered, and he had a confused look on his face and kept saying \no she has two boys\. Finally, after awhile of my friend saying it was two girls, he goes \Ohhh right\ and even forgot their names. Here's the worst part, her Grandpa forgot her own name [my friends]. She was shocked, but tried not to show it, and asked \Grandpa are you serious? Did you forget my name?\ and asked him to write it down to see if he remembered. He struggled and couldn't remember, as soon as she told him he goes \Ohhh that's right\. He also forgot her brothers name.In the past he has forgotten what day it is, several times. Also he forgot when my friends birthday was. Her Grandpa's sister had Alzheimers and passed away from it. Im pretty sure someone else in his family had it too. I know it's hereditary. But what should she do?
My grandmother and grandfather both live together and are both 78 years old.My grandmother has heart problems and has been in and out of open heart surgery several times. She is doing very well now, but she is still 78 and needs a break from stress and physical labor.My grandfather has COPD and has been having memory problems for the past year. He remembers the past with no problem, but he cannot remember upcoming dates or events, recent conversations, etc. now. His hearing is bad, too, but he is so stubborn and refuses to use a hearing aid. He also has been refusing to take his oxygen and nebulizer. He is a very stubborn man and does not respond kindly to things...he's very grumpy and always has been. Recently he has been meaner than usual, he is getting in a lot fights with my grandmom, and his legs have been failing him. He claims that it is because he is getting up too fast. Honestly, his day consists of getting up, walking to the couch, sleeping for an hour, walking to the dining room, sitting for 2 hours, walking to the couch, sleeping until dinner time, eating, and then sleeping until bedtime. He does very little physical activity and refuses to exercise or do ANYTHING.I am just so worried about my grandmother, because she doesn't need to be so stressed and worried. What can we do, as family, to help my grandfather? He is on depression medicine, Aricep (5mg)t, and various COPD meds. It is getting to the point now where he is falling whenever he tries to walk down a hallway. He holds onto anything he can grab while walking. I just am not buying the excuse that he is \getting up too fast.\ I think this is all related to his lack of oxygen from having COPD issues.Advice? :(
The doctor just started my Mom on Zyprexa 5 MG today, she has Alzheimers and is taking Tradazone and Buspirone . An hour after taking the Zyprexa she was confused and thought my nephew was her child.She is 80 and lives alone,My sister her main caregiver lives next door and takes care of her meds and food, We are afraid she will not sleep with this new med.and wander outside.any thoughts from anyone..Thanks
Want to be cheered up , google Remba, it is being tested as we speak at Aberdeen Uni in Scotland, they are on the 3rd year of trials, if approved may be on the market in a year or two,
I am a mother of three and married. I have had to start taking care of my mother who has this very bad disease.This has been very hard for me to do and accept because I feel my mother is to young for this.It started about 6 yrs ago after she had a major car accident. She was on her own with care givers up til 3 yrs ago and then we put her in nursing homes but that was a mistake - all they wanted to do is drug her up to sleeping all the time or call me all the time complaining. So we took her out 1 week ago and brought her home. She is doing well right now it is easy to take care of her \just like taking care of a three year old'' . I have to be with her 24/7 and just make sure she does things in the right order.Although I do wish I had more help so I could have breaks during the days. I have a sister but she ran when she found out what mom had.I am going to do this for as long as I can because she is my mom and I love her.If any one has any words for advice for me please feel free to talk to me.Is there testing or tests that I need to make she gets or has had.I feel that this was not only from the accident but it is genetic , my mom mother had it as well.My mom had a hard life when it came to men etc. and always had mental problems. I wish now I would have been more understanding and made her get more tests done etc.Thank you for listeningThis discussion is related topreventing Alzheimer's.
Hellosorry if this has been discussed before but I'm new to the forum.    My mother is very tired, often confused and has a shocking memory.    She also gets up at night and looks for things or wanders around.    The consultant has prescribed risperidone, although we were hoping for Aricept.    I am very concerned about this as internet research suggests it is for aggressive behaviour and will result in oversedation even drooling.    I don't want my mum to be a zombie - I'd just like her to be more like her old self.    Does anyone have any experience of this drug at all?    I'm not going to give it to her until I learn more.    Thank you
My grandpa was diagnosed with alzheimer's back in December when he was put in a nursing home after breaking his hip.I'm happy to report that, now, he's doing really good. Sometimes he thinks he's in the Old West---something he never lived, obviously, but a product of watching John Wayne movies, according to his doctor. He might be coming home by March if the physical therapy all goes well.If he gets to go home, it's going to be on us to take care of him and my grandma. She's too old to help him with the Stair Lift we had installed, or to do ALL the cooking and cleaning the way she used to. Plus, her eyes are too bad to drive. My uncle, aunt, parents, and myself (16 year old girl) are going to be helping out instead.I was wondering if someone could give me some information on what to expect with Alzheimer's in the future? He's in the early stages right now, so he still knows names, faces, all of those things. He just has his moments when he thinks he's in another time period, usually things that he's never been through. I wanna know what to look for, when to call the doctor, all of those kinds of things.Thanks so much!~ Em
My mom's medication regeime has had risperdal added to it. She is alteady on zoloff and the standards for alzeheimer's including namenda. Since putting her on the risperdal she sleeps all the time, has had a to be restarted on blodd pressure medication and seems to be losing her mtor skills.I am very concened about these changes and wonder if the risperdal is the right dosage or medicine.
I have custody of my 54 yr old brother who is down syndrone but was functioning well until he had a stroke last yr. and was diagnosed as having Alzheimer.    He now does not want to feed himself most of the time, don't want to eat much, has accidents on himself, won't get out of bed to go to the bathroom unless I help him ect.    Can someone please tell me what to expect next?     How many stages are there to this?    My email is ***@****.    Any info would be appreciated.    His blood pressure is very low and he passed out 2 times for a couple of min.in the past 6 months.    He picks at imaginary things and says there are ants in his food.....like pepper.... and ants on his clothes ect.    Is this part of it.    he sees our dead mom too.ThanksMary
Hello. My Grandfather is currently in the hospital with end stages of alzheimers and he has lost the ability to swallow and is having muscle contractions where it looks like he \wants to sit up\ I haven't seen him in quite awhile and when my daughter and I went to visit him he looked up at us and reached for my daughter, and when she bent down to him, he tried to kiss her on her head. Our family has decided to let him pass on because of the inability to swallow, and a feeding tube would only prolong his suffering with this disease. I guess my question is basically this...is it possible for him to have short spurts of remembering? He would fall \out of it\ then kindof look around and seem like he was \there\ I asked him \are you ready to go home and get out of this hospital, I know that bed has got to be killing your back\ and he said YEAH in a whisper. He hasn't eaten anything for 5 days and I was told he can't swallow, but when I gave him a little bit of water thru a straw...he held onto it for a second in his mouth, then eventually swallowed on his own. Is this common in the end stages of alzheimers where they do this sort of remembering and acting off and on??
Hi,It is nice to be here as this post contain several useful details for us regarding Alzherimer disease. I was not aware from its effects as it effect our brain the most. Also, one point i noticed from this post is that healthy eating is very helpful in preventing such diseases. Thanks.[URL=\http://www.affordabledrugs.com/\]Canadian Online Pharmacy[/URL]This discussion is related topreventing Alzheimer's.
My husband, age 67, has alzheimer's and has overactive bladder also.    He was proscribed vesicare whichwas a disaster (offset aricept) and now the dr. wants to try sanctura.    Are Vesicare and Sactura in thesame family?    could you suggest a drug not in this family?    thank you.
My mom is 69 and has been a heavy drinker all of her adult life. She has now begun to forget things and lose things frequently. My father is worried that it may be alzheimers because this happens in the daytime when she hasn't had a drink yet. Alcoholism runs in her family. How can we determine if she's suffering from prolonged alcohol use or if she has alzheimers?
Join me tonight (3/17 at 8 PM Eastern) as I interview Dr. Mack Jones, a neurologist and sleep apnea sufferer, on the possible association between Alzheimer's and obstructive sleep apnea. He'll give some convincing reasons for this link that most doctors are unaware of. Dr. Jones will be discussing how this common sleep disorder is a likely cause of Alzheimer's and possibly a host of other neurologic conditions.To register and receive the teleconference call in number, click http://www.westside-ent.com/teleseminarsignup.htmlIf you can't make it, register anyway and you'll get a link to the recording afterwards.http://www.medhelp.org/user_journals/show/71671
My grandfather was diagnosed with Alzheimer Disease 6 years ago. He was strong and use to walk a few miles daily. Now, he is in a wheel chair for the past year. Of course he says off the wall stuff. For the past 2 months he has been sleeping in bed most of the day and peas in the closet. He doesn't eat as much as he should. He is weak and needs help getting from the wheel chair to the bed or bathroom. It's so sad to see him go down hill like this and anyone. Does anyone really know what causes this disease and a cure or something close to it to help or prevent the disease from happening?
I am truly frightened. This suddenly came on today!    My mother can not remember anything about today. She does not remember she voted, she does not remember what she ate today, nothing?? She doesn't remember she is going on a trip to see me? I am so scared. She has had this happen before, 2 years ago, but she was totally fine the next day. Her mother had Alzheimers, so we are all scared to death and need some answers. What is our next step?? I am soo scared because I already saw my grandmother go through Alzheimers and I am hoping my mother does not have the same. Please help me, ANYBODY? I can't stop crying......
My mom's Dr. stopped her Seriquel...my mom told him she didn't want to take it cause she was getting her own apartment and she was leaving the nursing home, and he actually discontinued it!    Not sure what to do, i guess i should call him and see what his rational is, cause I sure don't understand it...guess I will have to keep a close eye on how her hullicinations go....
Hey everyone!I'm 32yo female, and something's up with my 65yo father. There's alcoholism, NPD, and OCD, but it looks like he's getting Alzheimer's as well. So far he's still living on his own, being \independent\. I've been watching after him, but recently, with these funny Alzheimer's issues, I cannot be sure he (or his surroundings) are safe if he's not supervised 24/7. A doc here told me to keep sharp objects out of my father's reach, but I can't do it as all of my involvement is framed as support, advice, or, in the worst cases, threat to remove privileges. But he's still a free person, having choices.Now I need to confront him with the need to get evaluated, thus a chance of supervision, and, considering alcoholism and NPD, this would be a tough discussion. I myself am in no danger, I'll surely get a backup before I approach him with it. But I don't want to make it harder on him than it has to be, and I want to be successful: to get him to agree to be evaluated, to make it to the appointment, etc, whatever comes next, I don't know how it works when people can't manage on their own and someone gets to control them.I know I must be sounding bad: I don't even have a diagnosis, and already want him locked up. As if that was all I cared about. Yet he's literally dangerous to himself and others, this is the main issue, I want to ensure everybody's safety. I raised the issue a few times, suggestively, and got a strong refusal (Do you dare to say I'm insane?!!!).How do you confront them for the first time? How do you get them to cooperate with docs? I understand they do get angry even without alcoholism and NPD, so it must be a tough discussion for all. How did it go with you? What did you do? What happened? What do you wish you've done differently? What proved to be a good decision? How did your parent react?Thank you very much!!!
how do you tell your father that he hasnt got control of anyy thing he owns. I have a full power of attorney and have too try to explane to him where he can under stand that im not trying too hurt just help him and i need too be in control and do the thing in his life and mine to keep going. any sugestions
In responding to a previous question, my 89 year old mother withalzheimer's started grinding her teeth about a year ago. I've found that giving her a piece of gum to chew alleviates the grinding.    She grinds her teeth many different times--I don't feel that it is always stress related..    I have even heard her tell herself to stop! She even grinds her teeth sometimes while she is reading something aloud to herself (can talk and grind at the same time)Hopefully , chewing gum will alleviate the problems for some others.This discussion is related toAlzheimers and grinding of teeth.
We already know that obstructive sleep apnea can cause stroke, but can it can also cause central sleep apnea, MS, or even Alzheimer's? How can it lead to various other unexpected conditions such as migraines, headaches, dizziness, lightheadedness, various stomach ailments, and even ringing, hearing loss, or vertigo?Topic: Neurologic Complications of Obstructive Sleep ApneaDate: Tuesday, November 9thTime: 8PM EasternFormat: TeleseminarPlease click here to register and receive your access details: http://doctorstevenpark.com/ask-dr-park
Hi,Is it normal for a senior to occasionally say the same thing twice? Over the past year, I've noticed that my mother sometimes tells me something or asks a question, only to forget and repeat the same thing ten minutes later. It doesn't happen particularly often (maybe half a dozen times so far over the span of a year), but I'm concerned because this seems to be cited as a warning sign for Alzheimer's.Aside from that, I haven't noticed any other early symptoms as her memory and ability to multi-task is generally good. She has forgotten to tend to the stove once (filled the kitchen with smoke), but she was distracted by the TV that time.Thanks,Colin
I have looked for a forum that was patient based and all I can find are ones for caregivers, so I'll share my thoughts with you guys and maybe you can tell me if those you care for are going thru the same thing.Do the patients have head rushes?    The head rushes is what started everything in 1992.    Experienced them again in 94 and 96.    2002 saw them escalate to the point I became disabled.    In 2006 I was diagnosed with Alzheimers.    I was put on meds that almost killed me.    I experienced rapid weight loss, became weak and feeble, horrible head rushes, loss of balance, loss of motor skills, horrible nightmares, inability to sleep, inability to think clearly.    Those are the main ones I can think of.    I tried to explain to the doctor what I was experiencing and was told I most likely had a virus and to not stop taking the meds.    I tried for almost a month to stay on them, then stopped.    Ironically, everything went back to normal with the exceptions of the head rushes, which the doctor had said were mini seizures.The head rushes bring on the depression.The head rushes bring on the anger.The head rushes bring on poor balance.The head rushes bring on poor concentration and inability to perform.The head rushes bring on limited motor skills.I keep trying to figure out what part of that the neuro-dudes, as I affectionately call them, don't understand.If there are meds for grand mal-seizures, then why not for mini seizures?I have come to believe that Alzheimers is a blanket diagnosis given to we, the elderly, when doctors basically don't have a clue.    Alzheimers, as currently defined, pretty well covers everything we might experience as we age.    Doctors use us day in and day out as test subjects on behalf of the drug industry.    You don't think so?    Ever heard this?    Doctor says, \Try this med, and if it doesn't work, we'll \try\ something else.\    With TRY being the definitive word here.    TRY is basically an experiment.    If something doesn't work, then TRY something else.That theory is fine until it comes to the human body.The neuro-dudes can't tell me why I'm still articulate, still have the ability to operate complicated software used in graphics arts and the world of publishing or the most important question of all......    why I know.    I know when I've made a mistake and know how to correct it.    I know when the head rushes are getting ready to start.    I know that they last for days at a time.    I know when my words are wrong and immediately correct them.Let me hear from you guys please as to whether the ones you care for are experiencing the same things, perhaps it will better help me accept this or to continue to fight it.
Hi,My father is 79 years old. He is suffering in Degenaration of brain disease-Dimensia since 2000.We have visited with many Doctor's ( Medicine, Neurologist,Orthopadic) for the treatement , but no improvement is observed.His total body is affecting with severe vertigo and facing difficulty to walk.His ECG, MRI, CT SCAN, BLOOD REPORT, Prostrate is ok except Cervical spondiolysis.Please suggest for any other options to be tried for improvement.-RegShyamal Ghosh
How can I tell if I am getting close to Alzheimers Disease? I am having serious memory lapses and I am 62 yers old.    There is no history in my family.
HEllo, My dad is 66 years. he had his gall bladded removed some 6 years before. For abouot a few years before he started experiencing tingling, numbness in his legs, slow movement, imbalance etc. these effects are gradually increasing..we referred an doctor who suggested MRI of Cervico- dorsal spine....the reports suggested \Patchy cord changes seen appearing hyperintense on T2W at D4-D5 on the right side. This could be secondary possibly due to demyelination or ischemic changes changes. No evidence to suggest Subacute Combined degeneration (SACD). No cord compression. No Cord SOL. No infective disease process in the spine\ \Screening for the braion reveals bilateral frontopariental subcortical and deep white matter ischemic changes. Age related cortical changes with mild atrophy and bilateral frontoparental periventricular ischemia. No hemmorrahage or SOL\ The doctor suggested vitamin B12 injections. we gave him methycobalim injections for quite some time (it was weekly initially and then fortnightly and now it is monthly) HE also take Tab. Liofen (guess it is for muscular relaxation)lately the symptoms of imbalance, numbess while walking have increased. he looks like he is ageing(aging)faster.- What can be the reson for the patchy cord changes/demylineation? was Gallbladder removel(removal)the issue-    now what to do. the B12 supplements seems not to have worked as expected. the deteriorations seems to happenieng at a regular rate- Any other form of treatment that can help us here- dietary suggestions (my dad is veggie)- physiotheraphy....any suggestions will be appreciated.thanksREgardsPrafullMumbai
http://www.cbn.com/media/player/index.aspx?s=/mp4/LJO190v1_WS
Hello! I am a caregiver for an elderly gentleman with Alzheimers.    He is an 88 year old gentleman who is at the end of stage 2 (from what I understand), and I was hired on as a caregiver working 3 days a week. I have been working for this family for about 6 or 7 months now. While I have had a great deal of experience in the caregiver type position (I used to teach pre-school, I also used to work at a treatment center for addictions), I have never had experience with Alzheimers Disease.    I am finding my ability to give care is becoming increasingly more difficult.    I, myself, am dealing with health issues (autoimmune disorder) and the health issues of my mom (kidney & liver failure),    I have also recently started school.    Clearly, I am stressed.    BUT ... I don't think it should be *this* stressful.    I work for a family who is very overextended - trying to juggle their lives, their home (on the opposite side of town), their animals - and are now living with him, juggling his life, his house, his dog, his finances..    It is truly a mess, and I continue to get frustrated because having an objective viewpoint I can see how un-necessarily unmanageable everything is.    They refuse to put him in any type of assisted living (he doesn't want that and made a promise), but at the same time - doesn't there come a point where something has to happen? Like an intervention? There is so much going on, he is not receiving the care he needs, and how often he needs it (doesn't get daily showers, and is now eating/drinking so little that he has been dehydrated and had mid-day blood sugars as low as 39, he has an untreated foot fungus, and he's given choices in which he makes bad choices because he's not capable of making good ones, but its at the expense of others, mostly the health of the pets).     I have really tried voicing my opinion, but very little is done, and everyone's health (mental and physical) is just overextended (including the pets).    I try to keep myself out of it as much as possible, but at the same time I feel angry that I am a part of all of this (and guilty for feeling this way, I mean what do I know - I don't know anything about Alzheimers, I just work for them 3 days a week to give them a break, the family is really good to me... Is it even my place to be feeling this way? Am I justified, or just overreacting?)*Sigh* Well, thanks for listening.
what is the life expectancy of a person who was just diagnosed with alzheimers at 90?
Hello all. I am reseraching Patau's Syndrome otherwise known as Trisomy 13 and I have a few questions about it that I would really appretiate getting an answer for.Does Trisomy 13 affect a certain race or gender more often?What protein is affected by Trisomy 13 and what is that proteins function?Any help would be much appretiated. Thanks!This discussion is related totrisomy 13.
I really do not know where to post this but the doctors office call today and said that I have a high CPK score which in 990 and they want me to go to a doctor to maybe get a muscle biopsy so since I couldn't get much out of the nurse someone please tell me more.
My mother is 80 years old; she experiences bouts of confusion and incorrect word association.    While she has not been diagnosed, I am under the assumption that this is sundowners or the onset of Alzheimer√¢ Ä ôs.Recently her eye Doctor has recommended to plastic surgery to repair Ectropion.    My fear is the anesthesia will increase her confusion and sundowner symptoms.    Will being under anesthesia cause acceleration of the confusion?    Is the surgery worth the risk?
I just was wondering, what might be One of the FIRST SIGNS OF THIS???? PLZ....someone dear to me thinks they have it, and I am worried, they are waiting for tests at the hospital, but what should I look for?? what might be ONE TELL TAIL SIGN>?Really despearte
My 75 year old mother is coming to visit me for 2 days and nights.    She lives far away with her husband of 5 years and has been dianosed with alzheimers.    I have not seen her for a year, but have talked to her on the phone every week.    Sometimes she knows me and sometimes she doesn't.    Her husband is going away for a well=needed break.My question is this:What should I do to make her more comfortable?    Is having her do small tasks advisable?    Such as folding towels, helping to make dinner?    Do notes help in case she wakes up in the middle of the night =-such as \You are at your daughter's house\?Any tips you can give me will be appreciated.    Thank you!
This may help the 2 posters on the other threads below , there are nationwide clinical trials being held for Alzheimers &Memory loss,    go to www.ClinicalConnection.com/SearchStudies.aspx).    if that doesnt work try    ClinicConnection.com
Hello AllI have been having memory problems. Not sure what to think of them. My anxiety and depression are getting the best of me. Every time I start to get my life back something else throws me in a downward spiral. I spend an inordinate amount of time worrying about my future instead of living it. To keep it short. I found out that I have a problem with my cervical spine which is causing headaches and neck pain. This was getting me very depressedI started noticing that I was forgetting too many things. This of course made me think I had yet another problem.I started worrying about Alzheimer's. My wife gave me a list of twenty things to memorize in a minute and even though I can remember all twenty weeks later, I still dwell on the fact that I forget too many things. Things like what I went to the store for. Did I pay that bill. The dogs worm pill. To tell a coworker something important.I know that at 46 I am not going to be quite as sharp as I once was, but I feel like I am falling apart.Someone told me that if you can stand on one leg in the dark for ten seconds that it's a good sign. I don't know how that relates to AL but I can stand for a minute or so.People say that age affects memory. Which memory, I can remember lock combination's from elementary school. But forget what I went to the garage for.Should I see a Neurologist or a Psychiatrist?
my husband just started on Namenda, starter doses, however, while I was at work today, he took 3 of the pills(5mg), should I be concerned? do I just have him continue tomorrow with the correct one pill in the morning? doesn''t seem to have any side effects.
Hi!Firstly, this probably is a very wrong place for me to post this question, but I also believe people here might have the knowledge to help me out.I am 19 years old, completely normal, with no diseases. I've been fascinated with selegiline for months now. It sounds like the perfect drug. I study at Yale and have a very busy life, and an active sex life as well. I've researched a LOT on selegiline and it looks like this could help me a LOT. I also read somewhere though that it is recommended only for people above 30. I was wondering if there would be any problems if I used this drug, not on a daily basis, but during the intense times at college. The dopaminergic effect it has should work with me as well, and since it doesn't really have any other side effects...
My mother was diagnosed with AZ in 2003 but we believe she had been suffering for a year or two before that. She is currently in a Sunrise facility in Wilmington DE and I need to move her to a facility near me in the greater Atlanta area. My question is, has anyone moved an AZ patient a long distance like that and what are your suggestions for making the move as smooth as possible? I'll take any tips or suggestions you have to offer.My mother can not speak and is not oriented to much of anything. However, she can stand a move a bit and is not on oxygen. She really does not recognize anyone but some faces of her aids do seem familiar to her.Thanks for your help!
hi, all my heart is breaking as i watch my mom fall to this awefull disease, shes had about 5-6 years and in the last week really gone down hill.can anyone tell me if they have a love one or someone they know with this , where my moms legs are so weak she has fell 3 times today. she talks things that never happen and shes just not my mom.am so worryed about her falling. is this with this disease?
My mother is experiencing a lot of memory loss and can barely do things for herself. She is 53 years old and alzheimer's runs in her family. She is currently on two types of medication that don't seem to be helping but do seem to be making her severely depressed. We just got a copy of her MRI and I just want someone that can summarize it for us in layman's terms.Findings: Magnetic resonance imaging was performed with sagittal and coronal T1-weighted images, diffusion weighted axial images, gradient echo acial images, FLAIR axial images and fast spin-echo T2-weighted axial images on a 1.5 Yesla MR unit.There is a punctate hyperintensity on FLAIR and T2-weighted images in the right posterior frontal corona radiata white matter, and several additional punctate hyperintensities in the left parietal subcortical white matter. The ventricles and cortical sulci maybe mildly prominent for the patien'ts age. There is no evidence of hemorrhage, mass-effect or extra-axial collection.Flow-voids are identified in the interal carotid and basialar arteries consistent with their patency.There is mild mucosal thickening in the bilateral maxillary and left ethmoid sinuses and mild to moderate inflammatory signal abnormailty and bilateral inferir mastoid air cells. The visualized portions of the remaining paranasal sinuses, mastoid air cells, nasopharynx and orbits are unremarkable.Impression\ Mild ventricular and sulcal prominence for age which could be within the range of normal limits, or could be due to mild cerebal atrophy. Several supratentorial white matter hyperintensities are present, which is a nonspecific finding that may be due to multiple etiologies including small vessel ischemic demyelinaation, demyelinating disease, migraine headaches, Lyme diesease, viral disease and vasculitis.
are there any neurologists practising Perispinal Etanercept    treatment for Alzheimers in India ? If so List, please?
hi how long does it take to become severly dehydrated with a person with azheimers does it take days, weeks or can it happen in hours,and how much should this person receive in fluids daily while in a nursing home , answers would be much appreciated, thankyou mr watson.
Hi Everyone,Prof. Garth Nicolson, founder of the Institute for Molecular Medicine in Huntington Beach, CA will be here tomorrow from 12:00 - 1:00 PM (Pacific Time) answering questions from MedHelp members on the role infections play in chronic illnesses and treatments for these infections.You can start posting your questions right now.... check out the first link below. Although it says, \autoimmune disorders\ forum, Prof. Nicolson will be answering questions on the role infections play and various treatments for ADD/ADHD, Autism, Alzheimer's Disease, ALS, Asperger's Syndrome, Chohn's Disease, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Multiple Sclerosis, Lupus, Inflammatory Bowel Diseases, Hashimoto's, Sjogren's Syndrome, Reiter's Syndrome, Graves Disease, Gulf War Syndrome, Chronic Fatigue Immune Dysfunction Syndrome, Fibromyalgia, Lyme Disease and cancer metatasis.http://www.medhelp.org/forums/Autoimmune-Disorders/show/358About Dr. Nicolson:http://www.medhelp.org/doctor_profiles/show/642304
how can you know the stage they are in , what dr would do that she sees a head dr but he just says alls different and no time frame.
www.    free patents online.        com    /        20090204058.     pdfSorry have to space it out or the filters will block it.THis patent is a device that claims to remove aluminum and other compounds from the brain.    Its an electrode with cathode placed on the back of the skull and the anode placed up the nasal passage.    A low DC current is passed through creating a field that will draw the toxins toward the anode for removal.     This is the first invention Im aware of (thats not saying anything ;-) that addresses the removal of heavy metals like Aluminum from the brain.    Its non envisage and it states could be used on a daily basis if needed.Among the inventors listed Johnson and Johnson either bought it, or financed the development.Where is this device? If need be I will build on out myself, if they are squatting on the patent.Here is part of the patent:BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTIONIn Alzheimer's Disease (AD), the cleavage of beta amyloid protein precursor from the intracellular membrane often produces a protein AB-42 which is incompletely removed by normal clearance processes. Over time, this protein is deposited as a beta amyloid protein A√é ≤ plaque within brain tissue, leading to the local destruction of neurons. The A√é ≤ plaque deposition is also believed to provoke an inflammatory response by microglia and macrophages. These cells are believed to respond to the plaque deposition by releasing pro-inflammatory cytokines and reactive oxygen species (ROS). Although the inflammatory response may be provoked in an effort to clear the brain tissue of the detrimental plaque, it is now believed that this inflammation also injures local neuronal tissue, thereby exacerbating AD.High levels of aluminum, copper, iron, and zinc have been found in the brains of AD patients. For example, Finefrock, J. Am. Geriatr. Soc., 51, 1143-1148, (2003)It has been hypothesized by Finefrock, supra, that age-related dyshomeostasis and environmental accumulation are responsible for these high metal levels.Furthermore, it is believed that these heavy metals play a critical role in the precipitation of BAP. It is known that BAP binds to these heavy metals and even has highly specific binding sites for copper. Accordingly, high levels of these heavy metals have been found in BAP plaques. Huang, J. Nutrition, 2000, May 130(5S Supp.) 1488S-92S).Moreover, since both copper and iron are redox active, these metal-laden deposits act as catalysts for cell-free redox reactions that generate hydrogen peroxide and consequently highly toxic hydroxyl radical.Accordingly, it is believed that higher-than-normal levels of heavy metals in the brain are deleterious because they not only promote the deposition of BAP plaques, a portion of them promote oxidative stress when deposited.Aluminum is of particular concern. It has long been hypothesized that aluminum plays a critical role in the pathogenesis of AD, although this point has remained controversial. Nonetheless, according to Gupta, Cell Mol. Life Sci., 2005 Jan. 62(2) 143-58, the neurotoxic effects of aluminum are beyond any doubt. Moreover, it has further been reported that, once it has entered the brain, aluminum is fairly persistent. Yokel, Toxicol. Sciences, 64, 77-82 (2001) has hypothesized an aluminum half-life in the rat brain of about 150 days, and in the human brain of about 12 years. According to Yokel, supra, repeated aluminum exposure paired with aluminum persistence produces aluminum accumulation. Therefore, the neurotoxicity and the long-half life of aluminum have made it a potential therapeutic target for AD.I have a patent in a different field but accidentally found this since it is tagged with the word electrode (which is what my patent is listed with)    After reading this I started connecting the dots with some symptoms I and many others are experiencing.    The strange \migraine after 2 drink\ sufferers seems to be growing and it was only after I found this site that I learned I was not alone.I watched a documentary just recently called \what in the world are they spraying\ (you can watch it on youtube, just search for it by name) and suddenly realized this could be the cause of our problems, and if hard data can be collected to back it up, would shed light on the increase of AH we see today.I would be willing to subject myself for testing if anyone is willing to discuss it further.    If a sample of tissue from the sinus area was tested and came back positive for the same compound they are using for the geoengineering spray campaign we see over our heads on almost a daily basis, (aluminum, chromium, and sulphur compounds) we may have some answers.Comments can be directed to \dallasgoldbug    at     g mail    dot    com\
Though there is no cure at this time there are medications and treatments that can slow down the progression of Alzheimer's. The sooner a diagnosis is made and the treatment started the better. If you do not know the Alzheimer's warning signs here is an excellent article of the subject.www.alheimerswarningsigns.com
I have been informed that PS supplements are very good to help keep the brain functioning properly.    If someone who has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's is anemic and is on high dosage iron,can it be dangerous to take PS supplements as well?
Read my other thread ..Apologies.. I spelt it wrong its \Rember,' worth going to your search engine for more details....
Hi, my name is Michelle. I have a question about Alzheimer's. I read that there is a new product for Alzheimer's which is based on the results from the nun-study. They say it does not fight plaques but inflammation of the brains, which is, according to the nun study the root cause of Alzheimer's.The medicine is called OCW for Alzheimer's. Does anyone has any experience with that? Did someone try this OCW medicine? The website where they sell it and the film documentations there convinced me a lot but before I buy the product I want to ask whether someone has any experience with that.Thank you so much for your response.Kind regardsMichelle
Struggling for answers, finding it hard for doctors to belive me as I am so young. I am a RN and what I was taught is that if you know there is something wrong with you there is. My higher family also has odd, similar symtpoms, so I'm beginning to think it's one of those rare genetic disorders. I have a positive ANA, joint pain, extreme fatigue, initially diagnosed with lupus, now I swear I have symtpoms similar to MS. I have spine and bone problems as my family does. I have major GI issues, like my family, and it looks like I will need a bowel resection. My mom has lupus. My aunt has symptoms milder than mine. My other aunt has DI and is allergic to every antibiotic once she takes it. Because I am 23 doctors tend to label me as a psych case or a drug seeker. For that reason I know I must get a diagnosis in order for them to believe me so that I may get my symtpms treated and go back to doing what I love and do best; Hospice nursing and finish getting my NP in palliative care. Thank you.
My father is in stage 4.    His appetite is rapidly fading.    I do not know what to feed him anymore.    Does anyone have any suggestions?
I WAS TOLD THAT IBUPROFEN (ONE/DAY) IS BEING GIVEN WITH SOME SUCCESS FOR PREVENTATIVE OR BEGINNING ALZHEIMER DISEASE.    DOES ANYONE ELSE KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THIS?
My father is 72.    In the past 12 years, his history is this (in chronological order): 2 small heart attacks, diabetes, high blood pressure, colon cancer, TIA, mets to the liver, shingles.Last August he had a liver resection for the mets, and has had 9 chemo treatments as of the end of March.    After his 8th treatment he went into congestive heart failure, was treated with lasics (sp?) and was fine.    After the 9th treatment he had some trouble breathing again so we gave him more lasics, and he was fine.    About four days later he broke out in shingles.    He was prescribed Valtrex, which made him slurr his words, so we took him off that, and he was on vicodin for the pain, taking on average 1.5-3 pills daily (don't know the dosage but the prescription said 1 tablet every 4-6 hours).Then he had a brain event.    He couldn't speak.    He was making sounds, but couldn't form words.    And he started getting confused, didn't know what a pen was, and when we told him, didn't know what to do with it.    When he could speak again, he couldn't find words.    He was hallucinating or delusional or something, thought it was 1990, etc.    The first neurologist said possibly seizures, possibly a tumor in the brain.    She mentioned wernike's ephasia (sp?).    He was in the hospital for a week, and had two ct scans, a ct scan with contrast, an MRI, and an LP, after which the second neurologist said it definitely wasn't ephasia, and, further, that they could find nothing wrong.    His carotid is partially blocked, but not enough to cause the problems.So he was discharged with a possible diagnosis of TIA, or possible drug interaction (the chemo, blood pressure meds, sugar meds, etc), and was prescribed pt and/or ot for the shingles, which has left his right hand nearly useless.Then he had an episode this morning.    My mother woke up and found him gone from the house.    He'd taken the car and didn't leave a note.    She went out looking for him.    He wound up at the Cablevision store five towns away, trying to buy a car.    He eventually asked the lady behind the counter to call his wife, my mother.    That's how we found him.    He'd had a minor accident, hit a pole somewhere, so he says, and broke the mirror.    Since he's been home his words are jumbled, he gets confused.    Earlier he had taken a bath and when he came out he had put his pajama top on as pants, with his legs thru the sleeves.All of these mental problems have come about in the past month or so, which seems sudden to me.    I was wondering if anyone has had similar experience, or even a possible diagnosis.    There were NO mental problems before the shingles, no memory loss, no trouble speaking, no forgetting words, nothing.    Since then he's a mess.    Any ideas would be greatly appreciated.    Thanks
Hi All,Has anyone ever heard about Axona? Just curious.-BigBoi223
I am 28 yrs old.    I have IC.    I have been having recent short term memory loss.    I do not use drugs nor have I had any trauma.    What might be the cause of this.    I am not having any other symptoms of anything but not able to remember things of short term unless they are significant.    I can't remember things that I even did yesterday.    worst part is that I do not have insurance to get to a doctor to have tests ran to receive help that I might need to help find out what I have going on.    What can I do and what might be wrong with me?
When my husband wakes up from sleeping, he can't seem to remember things.    For example, earlier in the day he called our mechanic about our car.    Later in the day when he woke up from a nap and I asked him what was wrong with the car, he was confused that I was asking about the car.    About 5 minutes later he remembered.    Is this normal?    He is 65.    Also, for the past 6 nights I have asked him to leave a certain pillow on the bed as it it gives me neck support at night.    Each night for the past 6 nights he has no recall that I asked him to leave the pillow on the bed.    Is this normal?
My grandmother is 79 years old and has always been an incredibly active and outgoing person.    Approximately 12-18 months ago, her personality changed suddenly and dramatically.    She is now withdrawn and quiet.    She has a flat affect and appears to suffer from anxiety and depression.    She is also convinced that she has Alzheimer's; however, tests have confirmed she does not.    She has been on Lexapro and Cymbalta with no noticeable success.    She has an unsteady gait, but her cognitive abilities are still fully intact.    She experienced a TIA several months ago.    The symptoms preceded the incident by 6 to 9 months, so I am not inclined to think the personality changed is definitely associated with the stroke.    My mother thinks she saw a story on Dateline, 20/20 or 60 minutes about elderly individuals experiencing the same problems.    They were able to recover with a specific therapy.    Does anyone have any idea what may be happening to my grandmother and any idea how we may be able to treat it?    THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
My father is 72.    In the past 12 years, his history is this (in chronological order): 2 small heart attacks, diabetes, high blood pressure, colon cancer, TIA, mets to the liver, shingles.Last August he had a liver resection for the mets, and has had 9 chemo treatments as of the end of March.    After his 8th treatment he went into congestive heart failure, was treated with lasics (sp?) and was fine.    After the 9th treatment he had some trouble breathing again so we gave him more lasics, and he was fine.    About four days later he broke out in shingles.    He was prescribed Valtrex, which made him slurr his words, so we took him off that, and he was on vicodin for the pain, taking on average 1.5-3 pills daily (don't know the dosage but the prescription said 1 tablet every 4-6 hours).Then he had a brain event.    He couldn't speak.    He was making sounds, but couldn't form words.    And he started getting confused, didn't know what a pen was, and when we told him, didn't know what to do with it.    When he could speak again, he couldn't find words.    He was hallucinating or delusional or something, thought it was 1990, etc.    The first neurologist said possibly seizures, possibly a tumor in the brain.    She mentioned wernike's ephasia (sp?).    He was in the hospital for a week, and had two ct scans, a ct scan with contrast, an MRI, and an LP, after which the second neurologist said it definitely wasn't ephasia, and, further, that they could find nothing wrong.    His carotid is partially blocked, but not enough to cause the problems.So he was discharged with a possible diagnosis of TIA, or possible drug interaction (the chemo, blood pressure meds, sugar meds, etc), and was prescribed pt and/or ot for the shingles, which has left his right hand nearly useless.Then he had an episode this morning.    My mother woke up and found him gone from the house.    He'd taken the car and didn't leave a note.    She went out looking for him.    He wound up at the Cablevision store five towns away, trying to buy a car.    He eventually asked the lady behind the counter to call his wife, my mother.    That's how we found him.    He'd had a minor accident, hit a pole somewhere, so he says, and broke the mirror.    Since he's been home his words are jumbled, he gets confused.    Earlier he had taken a bath and when he came out he had put his pajama top on as pants, with his legs thru the sleeves.All of these mental problems have come about in the past month or so, which seems sudden to me.    I was wondering if anyone has had similar experience, or even a possible diagnosis.    There were NO mental problems before the shingles, no memory loss, no trouble speaking, no forgetting words, nothing.    Since then he's a mess.    Any ideas would be greatly appreciated.    Thanks
I've noticed that an acquaintance who has early stage Alzheimers seems to be particularly sensitive to a very moderate amount of alcohol. This person shows pronounced decrease in communicative skills after consuming only 5 ozs of wine while showing no other signs of being tipsy. Is this increased sensitivity to alcohol characteristic of early AD patients?
My 71 year old mother is a whiz at cross-word puzzles, has an active social life but has been plagued with unjustified thoughts about her kids.    No matter what my brothers, sister and I do it isn't enough.    It definitely wasn't this way before.    She was a great mom and has always been active in her life, not depending on us kids for any kind of reinforcement.    For the past few years she has been so hard on judging my siblings and my Dad.    At one point she sounded so venomousness towards my Dad and brother that I was sick over it.    I sent her a long email suggesting reflection and counseling since she should be enjoying her successes in life.    She seemed to get it, but is back to the meanness that she failed as a mother because no    one calls her.    It is irrational!    My one brother's job requires him to travel internationally non-stop so when he is home, he needs to catch up with his wife and kids.    My other brother communicates through facebook and email all the time.    The other... well he's not so good, but is a great person.    My mother is very active, in Florida for the winter with my Dad, golfing and playing bridge.    These tirades of hers come so unexpectedly.    She seems to be festering over not being called on Sunday's.    It's more than that.    She seems to find fault with many things and there is no pleasing her.    I'm the oldest and am at a loss for how to help my other siblings.    I am only suggesting we placate Mom and contact my Dad privately.    He may be suffering with this as well.I guess my question is if this is a sign of alzheimer's since my Mom doesn't seem to have any other symptoms.    She does repeat herself alot on the phone, but I think that is usually at night after she has had a few glasses of wine.    We are all very aware of when we call her.Very worried.
Why do Alzheimer's Disease cannot cure?
Hey everyone, i havent posted here before, but i dont know where else to turn my grandfather practically raised me, my mother and i lived with him until i was 7, and i did on and off my whole life, anyways we have been astranged for years now... , anyhow he recently was hospitalized and is suffering from alzheimers like symptoms and has asked for me at the hospital, i had a nurse call me out of the blue and tell me my grandfather was in the hospital and wanted me to come visit, my family has refused to see him, i just dont know if i should go, he told the nurse that i would be turning 13 soon and he wanted to wish me happy birthday...ill be 28 in september..i dont know if i should go...my family says i shouldnt because we have not spoken in years....and he thinks im still 13....would it be best to go see him even though he may not recognize me...i guess im just scared that it will somehow make him worse off to know that im not a kid anymore, and i really dont want to have to deal with explaining why he doesnt even know that i am married with kids of my own now...please give me some advise!
Although I have not worked for several years, and have forgotten much, I am still a nurse.    I chose to work with the elderly, and so, I often cared for those with Alzeimer's Disease, both young AND old actually.I learned a few things during that time, and I wanted to pass some things on to you all, that might help you and your loved one.Although the memory of someone suffering from A.D. is affected, their long-term memory is usually intact.    This can be a great asset to use to connect with them and to give THEM some peace.    Caregivers need to remember that someone with A.D. can not only be confused, but so scared.    Their world no longer makes sense to them, and if you are trying to reorient them, this only serves to make them more agitated and and frightened.    When your loved one is agitated, try talking about their lives long ago.    They often still have these memories, and you might even learn something about your loved one that you didn't know.    Ask how they met their mate, and get details about their dates and such.    If your mother or other female loved one suffering is hell-bent on wondering where for instance, her baby is, rather than telling her her baby is all grown up, please try telling her that her baby is safe.    Tell her something like, \Mom, I'm sorry I forgot to tell you but So-and-so (a trusted person) has the baby b/c she missed her so, or is buying her new shoes, or whatever makes sense in your situation.It is very upsetting when your relative no longer recognizes you.    You feel so alone and disconnected from them.    You may not have the relationship with them that you once did, but you CAN still connect with them.    This is an example of looking at the glass as being half-full.    Keep with those long-term memories your loved one still has and connect with your relative on THAT basis.    You may hear things that are just charming, or allow you to see your relative in a whole new light....a light that you'd never have seen if they hadn't got A.D.Above all, just be as patient as you can and remember that becoming disoriented is a frightening experience.    Since your loved one will not recover his or her memory, it serves no purpose to try to re-orient them...Use what you can, and try to bring some sense of peace to them and learn to connect with them in a new way.    Also, please remember to take care of yourself.    Places that provide respite care, so you can have a break, whether regularly scheduled or just once in a while, can do you a world of good.Jacqui
i was talking to a friend of mine and suddenly i felt dizzy and lightheaded. Then a ringing in my ears that kept getting louder, as these three things kept getting stronger i started to see blue spots, losing my vision, and felt confusion. i ended the conversation with my buddy and stepped out side, i immidiatly started to sweat as well. but after couple of minutes of fresh air and some water. i felt much better. what might have caused this?
I just want to post some possible words of encouragement. I, too, experience some short term memory loss, but, I can almost always remember if I think about what I am trying to remember hard enough. A Lot of the symptoms, may not be related to Alzheimer's. I am a member of a Peri menopause/menopause group, and believe me, there are many many ladies there that have the symptoms (some very sever) but do not have the disease of alzheimer's. According to the research done there and the books they have recommended, being in the perimenopausal/menopausal state can definitely cause Alzheimer's like symptoms. As our hormones fluctuate, they cause different changes in our brains, and unfortunately, this is one of the main ones. This can even be true for some men, no, they do not have menopause, etc, but, they can have some hormonal dysfunctions.I guess what I am trying to say is, just because you have all these symptoms, and to be honest, who doesn't at some point due to stress, etc, it sure does not mean you have alzheimer's. For the women, I suggest a good, heart to heart with your gyn about this, he/she may put you on some estrogen, either natural or bio-identical. There are a lot of other helps as well.This article will explain what I am trying to say, it is rather long, but, well worth the read. I hope this helps.http://www.power-surge.com/educate/menopause_and_the_mind.htmIf you have any questions, please feel free to PM me, I may not always have an answer, but, I will do my best to help anyway I can.Hugs to allSusie
my mom was diagnosed with Alzheimer's in 2007.    i tried caring for her at home but could not longer do it. we (my sisters brothers and I) moved her to an adult care facility 1 24 12.    we were recently advised because her incontinence is un-managed we will need to soon place her in skilled nursing.    she is totally ambulatory, she is confused but still communicates (speaks).    we toured skilled nursing facilities and know it will kill her at least emotionally to be placed in a snf at this point in time.    we live in new york is it true that no longer understanding the process of relieving ones self but having the ability to get to the toilet is reason for skilled nursing placement?
I am on morphine for pain, so my memory is .... a memory.    But I either read or heard of a treatment for Alzheimer's by a shot to the lower spine.    Reversal starts that day.Was I dreaming?     Any of you heard of this?    I think it was on a local TV channel a few months ago, so the treatment is relatively new.If there is such a shot, I can't help wonder what the side effects are.     Sorry, I don't remember the name of the drug.
hi, my mom has demintia and is scared alot, has anyone been throught this, she has anxiety really bad and i was told it comes with this , dose it. if so what meds have you known to help. she takes klonopin as needed and 50mg of zolof a day . she crys a lot and    is scared to be byself. any ideals will be great. thanks barbara.
My Mother has    Alzheimer's disease she is not eating or drinking very well. She has been ill since 2001, we are struggling with the idea of a feeding tube afraid she will starve.    Can anyone offer with advice on this.        Thanks
Hi,My boyfriends mom has been given Aricept for beginning stages of Alzheimer's and she does have coverage for meds but she is having to pay her deductable on her insurance right now. She cant afford $180 per month.. can someone please point me to the correct place to find her some help paying for this. She is beginning to take 3 steps back in her treatment and Aricept has given her a new hope.. for all of us!
what is nursing careplan for alzheimer
My wife has not been been told that she has this disease, but shows all the systoms.    It starts out with a pain her HEAD then she has slurred speach, drooling some times bad some times not but with 4 days the    pains get so bad that she is not able to do enything thats when she shows most of the signs of alzheimer's. we have all the test done for this but none of the test shows that she has ALZHEIMER'S. If any one has infoemation or has been through this contact me at ***@****thank youdoc19
I√¢ Ä ôm 59 years old, male, Portuguese. A week ago in a routine CAT I found the following result (I did my best to translate into English in an accurate way):The encephalic appreciation shows diffusely enlarged spaces sulcus-cisternal, without notorious asymmetries, but constituting a pattern of diffuse cortical atrophy, of cerebral predominance although also attaining in the cerebellum vermian sulcus and superior cerebellum hemispheric. There are not relevant focal asymmetries, namely there are not signals of subdural hematome.Since I was not suspecting of anything and did the CAT only because I insisted with my doctor to do it because a friend of mine died a year ago with cerebral cancer, now I√¢ Ä ôm very concerned with this unexpected result.As soon as possible I will speak with my doctor, but I would appreciate very much if you could tell me what this may mean. Is it an indication of Alzheimer disease?I work as an engineer. Eight years ago I got the HCV, but I recovered by myself and the virus never came again - anyway could the present atrophy be a consequence? I drink a little, but there are periods that I succeed and don√¢ Ä ôt dink any alcohol.    I√¢ Ä ôm a pre-diabetic √¢ Ä ì I control my diabetes only with exercise.Many thanks for your helpAmadeu
Does anyone have any experience with either?    Can someone tell me if they have experienced delirium with an elderly parent (78-79 years of age), and the outcome.Any help and advise would be greatly appreciated.Also, wondering if anyone has any suggestions getting into facilities for sub-acute care.
I am concerned about early onset ALZ. I have 8 siblings and two of them developed this around 58 yo (male) and they are both in homes now. one is 64 and very far along w/disease. The other is not that bad yet (60yo) but his wife put him in a home. I am concerned (as are my other siblings) about our risk. HELP
Happy Mothers day to each of ya, and for thoses who's mom has gone to Heaven GOD Bless you and remember the good memories you have with her .for thoses who still have your Mother Love her alot and let her know your there for her.GOD BLESS EACH OF YA.
My mom refuses to bath, wash her hands, change her clothes, let me do her laundry, or change her bed linens. She also has a progressing toenail fungus that she will not let me treat. She has an established pattern of excessive daytime sleeping, but not is having extended periods of wakefulness - to the extreme of almost 24 hours at a time. She has asked me what year it is, cannot manage her finances, still insists upon driving short distances, drinks more than a 2 liter of diet pepsi per day...no other liquids, smokes up to 2 packs of cigarettes daily, picks her skin constantly. She is on the normal protocol of meds for Alzheimer's and in addition has CHF and takes meds for that condition as well. My husband and I have moved in to care for her, but it seems she may need an assisted living facility. She has flatly denied the possiblity of ever doing that and we are concerned. The list of problems is actually longer than those I have listed, any advice?
what doctor's specialty would do those types of testing?
My grandmother is 80 years old, and is in late stage Alzhiemer's Disease. Almost four weeks ago, she somehow broke the proof lock to the laundry room, and accidentaly drank around 5oz. of Pine Sol Cleaner. Poison control was immediately called, and they said to watch her closely and if she starts to vomit within the next hour, she must go to Emerg. She started vomitting within the hour. Her having late stage Alzhiemer's, she looked much like she did not know how to vomit. I had her crouched over so she wouldn't choke while vomitting. While this was happening I called 9-1-1. After about 5-7 minutes of vomitting a frothy yellow-ish type substance, she passed out. She went totally limp and was completely passed out and un-responsive. The paramedics arrived and bagged her immediately, hooked her up to the vital monitor, and she was in fact breathing, but still un-responsive to sound or painful stimuli. Upon arrival to the ER I was not able to go into the room but they started working in her immediately. The doctor informed us that she is very ill, and may not survive. Shortly after arrival she was intubated & hooked up to a breathing machine & transferred to the intensive-care unit. The doctor believed she aspirated the vomit, causing the chemical to enter her lungs. Her intubation tube was being suctioned every 2-3 hours in the ICU, with Pine Sol coming out of her lungs each time. She was on Propofol IV drip (sedation) 24/7 while intubated. Her vitals remained stable, with her oxygen stats at 98-100%, a normal BP, and Heart Rate. She was un-intubated on the 4th day in ICU. She woke-up and was 100% responsive to sound and stimuli. She was having conversations, and sitting up in a wheel chair. She was also eating full meals. This lasted for 2 days. After 2 days, her heart rate and BP started to rise, and she became very agitated, and was having a hard time breating. At this point, the doctor put her on a Bi-Pap machine, which forces air into the lungs via a mask put over the nose/mouth. This did not work well. It also caused her abdomen to become swollen and expand. After a day of this, she had to be re-intubated. Once again, put on heavy sedation and completely un-responsive. She has now been intubated ever since. Vitals remaining stable. Today, she went in for a tracheostomy surgery, because her intubation tube must come out to avoid damage to vocal cords and such. Her surgery went well and now she's back in ICU hooked-up to the breathing machine via the trache. She's being fed through a tube through the nose (which is going to also need to come out soon and put through her abdomen instead, to avoid nasal damage). A few days before her surgery while intubated she was taken off the IV Propofol drip at 8AM, and by 5PM she still hadn't woken up. IV drip sedation is short-acting and wears off in 10 minutes. She had a cat scan and did not show any brain damage upon original arrival to the hospital.I've researched this, and it seems like she didn't ingest enough Pine Sol to have all of this happen. 5oz is a very little amount, and i'm very concerned as to why she isn't waking up when taken off the IV sedation drip, and why she still isn't able to breath on her own. Right now she's on 35% oxygen, for every breath the machine takes, she takes one. Without the machine, her heart rate went up into the almost 200's, and her BP sky-rocketed. Why is this happening? Why can't she breathe on her own still? and why didn't she wake-up off the IV sedation drip? Please, can any doctor provide me with information?Thank you.
I am a 22 years old and. My memory is really bad I cant retain information, I am forgetting the names of objects, I get confused. I am deprived of thoughts or poverty of thought meaning I have no thoughts in my head I am a blank page when someone asks me something nothing comes to my head I have a hard time thinking my mind is empty and numb I cant explain the world around me becaus eI get confused and forget the names of objects. I dont have insurance so I am unable to see a doc right now I had a ct scan,mri and an eeg 5 months ago and they all came back normal I also saw a psychiatrist and was put on meds but cant afford to see him the meds worked for confusion but not for my memoy. I just started a new job through a temp agency and I font think I will be able to hold it because of my problems with my mind. I lift weights, and run, and take vitamins. I was unemployed for a year on two seperate occasions and did nothing but watch tv and i have never been the same. is it possible my brain shrunk and brain cells died from the sedentary lifestyle? Please I need help and advice as to what it could be. I know I am really young but it is getting worse I feel like I deteriorate more every day.
Sad to say but i lost my MOM to this terrible diease, june 5th, she started getting it at 64 and she was 72 when she passed,,    i had some great years with her as she lived with me and passed in my home, i miss her so much everyday, but would not take a min away from what i had to do for her.my mom was very sweet and never said a wrong thing to anyone. but with alz she became someone i didnt know, so plz if you have a love one with this dont hold anything they do againest them, they are still the same sweet person you once had, they can not help what it does to them how it changes them, they sill love you no matter what they say. its not them.love your family while they are here , hug and touch them and let them know your there for them, as i did my mom in the end she loved us threw her hands, always touching us, rubbing our arms holding our hands, thats the only thing she knew to do.i sit by her bed and hold her hands , she knew we was there and thats so inportant that they dont feel all along , my mom had her days she was very scared but never knew of what. was it that she knew she was dying or just scared we will never know but i loved her threw it, i took mt mom to the end of her journey of life and let her pass on to be with our LORD. i will see her again one day until than i will remember her SMILE and her sweet face, her touch of love, my heart is broken but praising our LORD shes free from that bed and the pain. LOVE YOU MOM
My mother in law is about 78 yrs old and still active but was just recently diagnosed with alzheimers.    She has not been feeling well lately.    Dizzy, no appetite and very tired.    The dr says that one of her kidneys is only functioning at 50%.    We want to know what we should do and what it could be.    Thanks for any advice.
I AM 56 AND FEEL LIKE I AM REALLY LOOSING MY MIND. I CAN'T REMEMBER MY KIDS NAMES GRANDKIDS ,& SOMETIMES EVEN MY HUSBANDS. I USE TO BE VERY GOOD IN MATH AND NOW I CAN'T EVEN DO SIMPLE ADDING AND SUBTRACTING. PEOPLE TELL ME ABOUT THINGS THAT WE'VE DONE TOGETHER AND I DON/T HAVE A CLUE WHAT THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT. LATELY I'VE HAD SOME REALLY BAD HEADACHES AND HAVE HAD SOME BAD VERTIGO BUT IT ONLY LAST FOR A MINUTE OR SO. SOMEBODY HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!GRAMMY43
My wife's father has AD about a year now. Has good days and bad but progressively getting worse. He is now living with her sister and her two kids. The kids are driving him crazy. He says mean and hurtful things and resists moving in with my wife and I. We can't seem to convince him to come with us. And he thinks everyone is out to get him.Any suggestions?Thanks, Bob
does anyone have ideals of how to keep my mom busy, shes pretty far into the alz but still wants to do things, but cant take her to mall/ stuff like that she has a hard time walking.    any ideals what we could do at the house to keep her busy and stress free
Hi, I am writing a book and I thought I might get a professional to answer some questions about amnesia.The protagonist wakes up on a boat, unable to remember his name and recent events, however, he remembers everything before 2 weeks ago very clearly, but not his name.Is this medically possible? If not, what kind of memory loss could best fit this plot?Thank you!
My mom (91) was in an alzheimers facility and last September they said I should consider hospice since she was not eating.    I couldn't do it and she ended up eating again.    Then In December she stopped eating again.    Hospice was once again suggested.    I agreed at that time and 5 days later she passed.    My dad is currently in an assisted living facility.    He is now 92.    He has parkinsons, only 19% renal function (1 kidney), has had some small TIA's (like small strokes) and doesn't want to see anymore doctors.    The facility has suggested Hospice for him.    I did agree, although to me he doesn't appear that bad.    It is my understanding that to qualify for hospice the patient would have less than 6 months to live.    When he was evaluated he did qualify.    I am getting really depressed.    I have not yet mourned my moms passing - lots of chaos in my personal life that I won't go into - but now facing this with my dad I seem to cry at the drop of a pin.    Can anyone shed more light on hospice?    I guess what I am wondering is how accurate are they in the evaluation and life expectancy.
Hi! I am seventeen and I honestly don't think I have Alzheimer's disease. However, I've been having some problems for the last year or two that I am unsure how to categorize. I have memory loss, i.e. My favorite teacher that I'd had for two years was giving a presentation, and I looked at her and could not remember who she was. I knew I knew her, but I couldn't think of her name or where I knew her from. And another time, we were going to my uncle's house to deliver some dog food and we went and made a quick stop there. About twelve minutes later, I asked my mom when we were going to go to my uncle's house and she asked if I was joking. When I told her I wasn't, she informed me we were just there. And I got it then, but it was a few moments. I forget where I put stuff, due dates for schoolwork, etc. I also feel very numb and detatched, I have a hard time connecting emotionally, I am INCREDIBLY lethargic, sleeping ALL the time, my hair has been thinning, I have been using prescription strength deoderant and I still sweat profusely, but only under my arms. I lack ambition and constantly seem to be on autopilot. I've been diagnosed with depression and ADHD, and I have been taking medicine for both. I'm on Conerta and Welbuterine, and neither have helped me at all. I did lose forty pounds, and there was a modicum of increase in my energy, and I am now down to 164 lbs, but I am still experiencing all of the symptoms stated above. I am quite frankly worried. I've had numerous blood tests, including three thyroid tests, and one time, I was told I had the hormones of a post-menopausol woman. However, numerous follow-up tests returned nothing extraordinary, and I'm left with the question, \What do I do?\ I started a low-dose estrogen supplying birth control pill, because a nurse practitioner suggested it, but it has been two months and I feel no different.
I have a 8 yr old son who was diagnosed 1 yr ago with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. He started having seizures when he was 2 yrs old. These seizures were called febrile seizures. I have researched this disease endlessly. The problem I am having with him is his behavior. He had a test done through the school board who found that he is intellectually disabled as well. So he only learns at the age of a 3-4 yr old. Will this ever increase as he gets older or will this get worse? How do we treat his behaviors? The school he is in has done a phenomenal job with him but his violence and aggressiveness is not controlled. Now we're having to look at other means of help. But the waiting lists are so long and I have exhausted all means of help where I live. He has had control of his seizures for about 10 months now which is awesome. Now who do I turn to for help so that my son can get the best education possible.I would also like to know of all of the reasons why and how this disease is caused because it really does confuse me. My son was a normal little boy but seemed to be developmentally delayed in most areas. Especially with his speech. Now I have another little boy who seems to be presenting almost all of the same problems with delayment as my 8 yr old did. My baby has also had a seizure about a year ago. He has speech problems as well. He is going to be two next month and is very inconsistent with his speech. He is receiving help with his speech and physio therapy as well as play therapy to try to catch him up to his age level. Would a baby who has had severe bronchitis with a really high fever and cannot keep anything down from either end be susceptible to getting this type of disease? He was treated at the hospital for his sickness but was never hospitalized. I just need to know how to understand this disease completely. I am also looking to talk with anyone who deals with this disease. It feels so lonely to deal with something so rare and not have a person in the world who understands where you are coming from. Thank you in advance for your responses.
I am the 57 yo mom of two teenagers. After a lifetime of medical complaints (various autoimmune symptoms or dx plus major fatigue and periods of brain fog and severe atrial fibrillaiton)    we all had micronutrient testing recently. My daughter and I both had alarming results, with severe deficiencies (my son's were disconcerting but not as bad). My dd also had high levels of toxins in her system. These toxins were all things she has either no    exposure to or much less than the average person. her report suggested they can also come from undigested amino acids stagnating in her fats and becoming toxic. My tests showed deficiencies in numrous areas. both reports suggested all the logical anticipted remedies, if our lifestyle habits are bad, but said that if those don't work to refer us to a center that specializes in congenital    metabolic defects. Our GP told us this is out of her expertise, so she made an appointment to consult with doctors from the lab (Genova Diagnostics). It took a while to get one, but I believe that appointment happens this week. Meanwhile, my dd has gotten very sick with a bug, and slept 24 hours a day for 2 weeks, and is still very weak a week later. Blood tests showed low white blood cells (absolute neutrophills, 1316 L, absolute lymphocytes, 363 L & absolute bosinophils 2 L) and she was hypothroid. She turns 16 next week. We are waiting preliminary test results to rule out now    Lupus, whch her paternal grandmotehr and great uncle died of, and leukemia which her maternal great aunt and my cousin died of. Both my children have been dxed with generalized anxiety with mild OCD. My son has a long history of mood disorders (he also falls in the exceptionally/profoundly gifted range, and mood/personality disorders are common with that population). I have such severe a-fib that nurses have told me they've never seen anyone with my EKG be responsive, however our standard blood panel is usually close to ideal. My first grade school nurse was adamant that my brother and I were malnourished, but bloodwork 'proved' her wrong. However, I have never felt well and alert, and have lookd for someone to look deeper than those blood tests my whole life.My doctor believes we have a genetic disorder that blocks absorption of protein and fats. Not just the three of us. Most of my relatives who descended from my paternal grandfather share our medical history, and some have gotten seriously ill and died from autoimmune disorders such as leukemia, ALS, colon cancer. Nearly all of us are hypothyroid and have atrial fibrillation. at least three have had Alzheimers, and most of us had early onset migraines. Our most common body type is very tall, very thin (underweight) until age 30, and then rapid weight gain. There are several suspected and a few confirmed cases of mental illness. We are a tiny family (fewer than 150 people with my maiden name have been born worldwide since 1900), from a tiny island ( 25 km square). this makes it    quite possible we have a very rare condition, perhaps never identified.My doctor supports my researching this and that is what I have been trying to do, but most cases I find of metabolic disorders show up in newborns. Our family is outdoorsy and most members appear robust, with few diagnosed serious illnesses, other than one baby that got leukemia at 6 months.Any suggestions or ideas as to what this might be or where to begin searching?Many thanks
Hi, My grandmother has not eaten in 7 days and was taken to the doctor. They sent her back home and said there was nothing else that could be done. Now she is looking into space and trying to speak. Does this mean that her body may be shutting down and she is in the transittion stage?
Mom was doing fine (except for a little delusional story last week).    But the last week she complained of diarrhea, though with as much as she had eaten (very little) she probably couldn't have had it as long as she said.    Also one day in a.m. she said she had diarrhea, the in p.m. said she was constipated.    At night when my dad and I watch tv she just lays on couch with strange look in her eyes (like she's starring off into space).    The last couple days she's basically refusing to eat - though I can get some her to eat some ice cream.From what I've read on internet it sounds like her body is shutting down-------- \Nerve cell death eventually steals the ability to recognize thirst or hunger.     A dying patient commonly loses interest in eating and drinking, and you should no longer worry about nutrition and hydration.    The person√¢ Ä ôs organ systems are shutting down and can no longer process nutrients.\Mom really doesn't have alot of the other symptoms of the \severe stage\ - only issues are what I've described above: one delusional story, saying she has diarrhea (can't confirm this), blank stare, a little aggression, and starting to refuse to eat.Is she starting the downward cycle?    Is her body shutting down?
My husband is 47 years old.    Two years ago I started noticing significant change in his thought process.    Evenually, in May of 2008 he went to see a NeuroPsyc. where he was diagnosed with ADHD.    He did not receive any Meds until December.    He is an Engineer Assistant for a large utility company.    In August of 2008 he received his first warning in 10 years for poor communication, not following through ect.. I didn't find out about the warning until March.    In April he had an MRI and went to see a Nuerologist, who put him on Aricept as a precaution, and starting running tests for Alzhiemer.    He also went back to the NeuroPsyc for a second evalution which showed his memory had improved but his cognition was only at 30% now.    Since then we have had a PET Scan which showed syptoms(symptoms)of Early Onset Alzhiemers.    He lost 30 lbs. on the Aricept with no change in his mental state.    He is having severe headaches, hand tremors. balance problems, nasea, mood issues as well as thought processing.    There are times where he looks very pasty.    We went to a Psyciatrist last Thursday.    He has taken him off of Adderall(adderrall)and Straterra and He will start Cymbalta 60 mg. and Lamital today.     He is on sick leave until July.    We have no action plan right now.    We are not scheduled to go back to the Nuerologist until July.    His symptoms have gotten incresing worse in the last week.    Please give me your expert advise on what you would do if it were your spouse.
It's been one month since my mother doesn't recognise her own house anymore. She keeps asking me to take    her home and no matter what I tell her or do she believes she lives in a different place although she is, of course, at home ! How can I make her realise she never left her house ? Any suggestions, please ? Thanks !!!
Do Namenda and Aricept cycle in the body?    My mother becomes extremely combative, confused, and weak about every 30 days.    I'm beginning to believe that one of her meds is becoming toxic periodically.    Other meds include cynthroid, remaron, and prednisone.    Thanks for your help
Please join us for discussion and support on our Memory Loss Community.Looking forward to seeing you soon!Memory Loss Community:http://www.medhelp.org/forums/Memory-Loss/show/1428
It's finally happened...My Grandma's alzheimers has finally escalated to the point that she has developed super human strength and energy...And is scary angry...She has attempted to strangle the group home staff, has smacked the other residents, is tearing apart everything she can get her hands on,(actually pulled the top off a dresser!), spits her medications in the faces of those who try to give them to her, sits on other patients beds and urinates on them (purposefully), and frequently exit seeks -bolting past anyone if the door is open..and has paranoid behaviors (They're trying to kill me! We must hide!) There's much, much, more...this has been worsening over the past 2 1/2 months and the Drs seemed unwilling or unable to manage her medications enough to get her to a \happy place\ before it got this bad...I tell myself that those things take time, but I see her completely losing it, and am frustrated with the process...sigh...all I want is for her to have a small quality of life again..And I'd like to have my life back too...I can't get anything done because I'm constantly babysitting her in attempts to calm her and keep her from destroying the home, and it's destroying my marriage and 9 year old daughter's summer vacation...I don't know how it's possible to love someone so much, and yet desire to strangle them....                                        ~MM
46xy,inv(21)(q11.qq22.3)I hope there is someone out there who can give me some insight into what this particular karyotype means.My six-year old grandson is developmentally delayed. Assessments have placed him at the emotional level of a 3-4 year old with severely delayed gross and fine motor skills. He is currently finishing grade 1 and is able to read at a lower level, but has great difficulty with printing, drawing shapes, and coloring and is far behind his classmates in all areas. He can follow complex directions. He can also navigate well on the computer and is pretty good at understanding and playing video games, but has trouble with cooperative play and rules. His vocabulary is adequate, but he has slurred speech and can be difficult to understand. Physically, he is average height and quite slender with very poor muscle tone. He has a distinctly awkward gait and has difficulty determining spatial relations and body positioning. His facial features are slightly dysmorphic - broad forehead, wideset eyes, heavy jaw - and he has difficulty chewing and swallowing. He has frequent asthma attacks that require hospitalization. Although he is at times frustrated by his limitations (the mind is willing but the body is weak), he is a sweet, loving and thoughtful boy.He has been undergoing assessments to determine the extent and long-term implications of his disabilities. All of his biological tests came back normal except for the karyotype, which indicated an abnormality - inv(21)(q11qq22.3). I understand that and extra copy of chromosome 21 causes Downs Syndrome, but what exactly does particular notation mean?We have so many questions. Is this simply a 'delay' in development? Will he catchup, or will he reach a certain point and not progress further? What are the long-term mental and physical health implications associated with abnormalities on this chromosome (i.e., Alzheimer's, nervous disorders, cancers, or other medical problems)?His follow-up appointment to discuss these results is not scheduled until August. In the meantime, we have to deal with his teachers and the school board to determine a suitable program for him next fall. We know he should be held back, but at the same time, it would be crushing for him to see another group of children move past him in the system next year. The school will not assign a classroom aide or developmental curriculum without a clear diagnosis. We would like to have at least some interpretation of these results in order to press for the special consideration he needs to succeed at school.Any insight would be most appreciated.
Some years ago, when I asked my father's neurologist about my chances of contracting Alzheimer , he said 50/50. Could you elaborate ? I'm 62 yrs old , my father died of Alzheimer @ age 75 and my mother died from her 3rd stroke @ age 92. Thank you
My dad had a stroke 6 years ago and a broken L3 vertebrae.    He started having these episodes about 2 months ago.    He is normal for about a week and then on day one he is a little confused...thinks he see's a mouse, thinking someone was in the room but they weren't, want's to eat & has has a stomach tube for 6 years and can have nothing by mouth, etc.    On the second day it is alot worse...he tries to walk without his walker & falls, want to take the car for a ride, tries to go up the stairs, goes and gets food out of the cabinet, thinks things that happened years ago just happened, etc.    He never forgets who anyone is though.    On the 3rd or 4th day he is similar to the first day & then starts to jerk (not like a seizure) expecially when asleep.    He has had numerous EEG's and they are all normal - not seizure activity.    He will jerk his head/upper body about twice a minute.    He then sleeps for pretty much a whole day.    Then he is back to normal again for about a week or so when the whole thing starts all over again.    He has has blood work - normal, blood gas test- normal, taken off a couple of medicines.    Nothing has helped and the doctors have not idea what it is caused from.    Please help...what could be happening to my dad?
poor memory, foultaste    or smells, episodes every 2 weeks of stomach ache, pins and needles up and down legs , complete memory loss, once fainting, stmach hurts all the    time, letharic    depressed.    episodes last only few minutes, i am 74. no alcohol smoking or drugs
My mother makes little kid's sounds such as a high pitched \roll your tongue\ sound and other sounds.    What is she doing and what should I do when she does this?
Hi to all, I am a 30 year old male and I have been having this problem for many years now. I have some sort of shaking/vibration in my head and I am not sure where exactly it comes from. It severely affects my concentration and I have been unable to hold down a job. Sometimes it results in a crippling headache, other times I feel nauseous. I have tried to do some face exercises like clenching my jaw tightly and shaking my head but it wouldn't relieve the shaking. Due to the shaking/vibration i my head, I find it very hard to focus and do even some simple tasks. I ever had a CT scan done many years ago but it showed nothing. Basically I just feel like I will just have to live with this all my life. The problem becomes more servere when I am subject to stress. I am really at a lost as to how I can find a way to allievate this incessant shaking in my head. I can't concentrate on doing something for any long period of time. I also have a history of depression/OCD but I don't think it is the cause of this shaking. I almost feel like there is something shaking/shivering in my head and I am sure its not psychological. Many people tell me it is but after suffering for 10 years, I am sure its not. I am a very light smoker and these few days when I try to stop smoking completely, the shaking comes back. I sometimes feel so alone, and I know not many people understand what I am going through because I look normal on the outside. I also have problems doing some simple tasks at times like having enough focus to hold up a bowl of hot soup and place it properly on the table... It feels like there is this cloud over my brain that disturbs my focus...Please share any ideas or suggestions that you may have. Take care.
My mom is 80 years old with the onset of alzheimner`s disease.    She just fell and hit her head on the driveway.    She had stitches on the side of her head and had blood on her brain. The cat scan showed no sign of brain damage.    She has been stabalized and has left ICU. While she was in ICU she recognized family members and spoke short sentences.    Since leaving ICU she now does not speak and had a high fever which they say is contributed by a bladder infection.    The doctor says her lack of speech and confusion is from the infection. She is worse then ever its been a week since her injury. √Ç ªWhat can be the problem-she is in a top nerological hospital in Buffalo, N.Y. noone has any answers-they just keep telling us to wait until infection clears up. Apparently, no damage to brain and blood on brain is slowly going away.    Please help-what can be going on- She was on Plavix before injury and no more blood is leaking on the brain.
I wants to know all about everything symptoms , cure , treatment ,
My mom has Alzheimer's but doesn't accept the fact that she does. She's almost 94, I was a late in life baby, I'm now 51 and my mom has never wanted to accept that I've grown up. I'm an only child and my mom is driving me nuts (I'm the devil, she wishes I was never born, etc.). My question is, and I pretty much know the answer, I'm just tossing it out there is there a test for Alzheimer's ? My mom thinks there is, I say (and the doctors say) no. I just thought I'd ask anyway.
Over the last 4 months my husband has been experiencing slurring of words, lack of balance, personality changes, and some difficulty in finding words but ONLY in the evenings. This can happen 4 or 5 nights a week. He is fine during the day but says he is tired all of the time.     An MRI only showed a chronic sinus infection & \insult to tissue due to chornic high blood pressure,\ neither of which we knew he had.    Both his grandmother and great-grandmother had Alzheimers.    We are stumped as to what this can be.
My dad has alzheimers, will it progress faster if he smokes? There is no way he is willing to quit!
My wife and I have been raising out 4 yr old grand daughter since Sept 2008. She was 2 yrs old at the time. In april 2009 she was dianosed with ostrea Sarcome(Bone Cancer). We were devestated, and we were really torn with deseasons that we were having to make almost immediately. She treatement plan was to go through Chemo for 34 weeks, and have her left leg amputated in 10 weeks. My wife kept working throught all of this and I was the care taker who would spend 5 - 6 days and nights at the hospital. My wife would come at the evenings and spend the weekend threre. During all of this, I was taught to do things that the nurses were trained to do. Things that were paingful to our grand daughter. But I did them reguardless, because it was the right thing to do. Our granddaughter hated me for this. Verballly and physically. Most of the time she would tell me to leave and that I was mean. Over time it really got to me that I just wasnted to quite. But I love her and could not stop. We have been home now since January. She still continues to see me as the bad guy. Most other times she loves me and loves to play with me. Still I want to run and give up. The real problems is that my wife is the opposite. She allows her to do things that I say no too. This makes our grand daughter see me as what he says doesn't matter. Grandma will give me that. I'm mad at both Grandma and granddaughter. I've read that younger children will do things because they don't understand. That we are supposted to respond with a positive answer, and explain to them why we are doing it. But the hurt and angry that she throws at me really hurts. I feel like I've stopped my life to take care of her and she owes me. That really sounds bad, But that's how I feel. Don't get me wrong, I would do it all over again if I had to. I love her to pieces and if God or whoever could give me her issues, I would take them in a minute. she is too young to have to go through what she is going through.I'm very tired. We spend 5 days a week driving 30 minutes each way to doctors appt. Usually 1 to 2 hours at the appointment. Then 30 min back. Not to include getting her dressed and breakfest. Then I take her to school, Then I go to work and work 8 hours. There is not enough hours in a day, and not enought days in a week. I'm very tired.I'm just complaining. Looking for someone out there with simular issues, and maybe some suggestions on how I can handle life alittle betterThanks for listening. Share this:Facebook Myspace Twitter Member Comments (3)
my mom is getting out of control and my dad who is 77 and me are having a really hard time dealing with this, dont want to put her in a home but not sure how to handle her. shes a dietabete and refuse to take her meds sometimes and when she needs go to dr , she wont go.     shes never been a mean person so this is not her and donte there are times shes back with us. she does take meds but dont seem to work all the time. any one going throught this . any info will help thanks Barbara
If you are supervising for or caring for an elderly person, one of the most common \emergencies\ is vasovagal fainting. It can be very frightening to the caregiver. The co-factor is constipation and dehydration. The problem is the vagus nerve which meanders though the body and passes close to the anal sphincter. It is a very big nerve, the size of your pinky in places.    When over-stimulated by straining this drops the heart rate by from 20-40 beats per second. This is the reason many heart-attack victims are found dead on the toilet. It is the reason that the elderly, and in particular the stroke-disabled and feeble, must NEVER be left alone on the toilet. It is a good idea to schedule toilet visits (a) at the same exact time every day and (b) either immediately before meals or an hour afterwards. The reason for the meal interlude is that vomiting and airway compromise after fainting are sometimes a problem. You want a clear tummy. These vasovagal fainting episodes may cause simple woosiness or complete loss of consciousness. Generally the loss of consciousness is not long. Between ten seconds and a minute. The treatment drill is to immediately ease the patient to the floor, feet elevated from seven to ten inches, and a slight pad placed under the shoulder blades. Recovery should be within a minute or two and full recovery after fifteen minutes to an hour. Keep them on the floor and hold their hands or shoulder (providing reassurance) and check for good breathing and a pulse. The pulse will be bradycardic. That is under fifty beats, generally about forty. Don't worry. And don't worry about feces, urine or clearing up until they have completely recovered. The important thing is to stay with them. Not to run to call 911. If there is no regaining consciousness or if there is a breathing problem of the heart stops, of course call 911. Do not put them on the toilet again until they have been well-hydrated. As much fluid as they can take within six hours. Plus a stool softener. Consider using a fleet enema. A big problem is if the patients topples from the toilet. I found that placing interlocking foam squares around the portable toilet will cushion any possible fall. There are great to place around the bed also. They come in ordinary colors and bright ones. They are water resistant. I use them a lot. If they are on a wood or tiled surface use tape that is stick on both sides to secure them to the floor to prevent sliding. They can be assembled in all patterns.A problem with hired caregivers is that because they have little training they panic and either call 911 or their supervisor (leaving the patient on the floor). An ambulance is then called. The medics gets the callas an unconscious and the drill begins....sigh.I was with my little one (she was 102 at the time - she is now 108) and I left the apartment to take a walk and get coffee and spend time with the new blond waitress in the restaurant down the block from Germany who spoke little english and looked like Sandra Bullock. Yes dreams that she would take pity on an old man, and teach me all she knew about German massage.She was with a new aide - a replacement from the agency who spoke no known language.In any event I get no call on the cell and arrive back at the farm to see an ambulance racing off in the distance. Hmmm. I had sixty-three cents in my pocket. Not enough for a cab, I used the cell and the aide tells me (partly with sign language and mime) that my little one collapsed on the toilet.Arghhh. A vasovagal fainting episode.After a mile hike to the hospital I find my little one with four blown veins (all the good she had) while an interns is attempting an arterial blood gas draw!    Lots of tubes of blood to cover insurance regulations. They just finished five unnecessary x-rays because they thought \she may have hit her head and had a concussion\.    She fell on my foam panels. And the aide was not holding her hand but left her alone while she gabbed on her cell-phone to her boyfriend. (I think that was aide eighteen of the thirty-seven I fired)    Worse they are talking about a cut-down! The two overweight paramedics are there smiling with their four-cell metal flashlights on their hips and seven patches on each arm certifying expertise in underwater CPR, arctic rescue, scuba-diving, and radiation hazard training. Nobody in the room is holding sweety-pies hand or shoulder. A young doctor is busy entering data in his laptop. And this is in a so-called \top\ ER. A doctor is about to administer Haldol to my little one because she is screaming and restless!At that point I slapped the syringe from his hand and stepped on, and gave him a story about what happens in Sicily to doctors who mistreat elderly women. I disremember the rest of the conversation, but there were various allegations leading me to be removed from the hospital in handcuffs. There was NO Haldol administered. I returned with my attorney (who owed me big because I introduced him to his main squeeze) and who had an office a block away and we engaged in he-said-she said. Meanwhile sweety pie has been admitted because the hospital regs state overlnght stays for loss of consciousness. All over simple fainting. I called in another aide she knew who held her hand while I thought things over. Finally I came back at midnight, told them I was her son (I fibbed but had my fingers cross behind my back so it didn't count), and signed her out against medical advice, and brought her to the park where we held hands under the summer moon and had a hot chocolate party. She was happy and smiling, and we went home, watched cartoons and she had hot chicken soup at three A.M. and went to bed.And lived happily every after.Anyways, that's my vasovagal fainting story.But the foam panels are a worthwhile addition to the accessories necessary to be a good caregiver.
My dad has alzheimers.    He was diagnosed about 3 yrs ago.    He has cirrhosis of liver, diabetic too.    He takes several meds daily plus vitamins.    His amonia(ammonia)level get high and he has to drink this stuff to make him have a bowel movement to get rid of the amonia(ammonia)our body has.    He takes it if he wants to and is suppose to 3 times a dy.    If he soesnt take it he is in a real stupor, slow and tired.    The alzheimers is getting to where he says he hates me and I am his daughter which has always done everything for him along with my mom.    Mom just had surgery and is in a cast and can only get around on a walker.    So she needs help as well.    I help both.    My dad argues anytime I say anything.    He has gotten in my face and called me a B***h and Wh**e and even tried to hit me.    I am scared he is going to hurt my mom but she says no he want.    I cant get her to understand I think it is time he goes into assisted livein or nursing home.    He is only 64 and so is mom.    I work 8-9 hrs a day then go by their house to see what I can do to help.    I dont mind at all.    My dad now wont even speak to me so I dont say anything either cause if I do he will just yell.    He has went 7 wks without a shower and then some days he will cook, water plants, act normal but then here we go again.    Any Advice would be helpful.    By the way my other sister takes up for my dad and she is a pill head so they get along good.    My brother hasnt been in town much lately due to work and he has gotten into screaming matches with dad.    Mom says she just cant put dad elsewhere but she needs peace.
Hi, I read that aluminum is possibly one of the causes of alzheimers?    Or some people have some sort of gene that allows aluminum to pass the blood brain barrier?I was just wondering... does anyone know that if aluminum passes the blood brain barrier, is it possible that it can go back the other way?    Or is the blood brain barrier just a one way street?Anyone know of any great ways for aluminum detox?I'm 24 and I have serious memory problems.    I need a serious detox and just looking for answers.
i am aware that medhelp has been approached previously re developing a health tool in relation to use by carers.this carers log /tracker could be of benefit in assiisting attending doctors as to the progress or otherwise made by the afflicted individuali notice that this health tool has not yet come to fruition .as a psychiatrist ,i encorouge my patients to use medhelp health trackers and these results can be reviewed by the patient and myself at reviewthe patient can also send me info at any time when they are concerned about progressive changes that may cause them concernthis is not a replacement to formal evaluation methods    but it is of further assistanceso what news does medhelp have on this question originally posed in 2008many thanksDocpatch
Exactly what does \severe ischemic changes in the white matter in the brain\ mean from an MRI diagnosis?
i took care of my mom through her last years of alzeimers.    she could get a little agressive.    im small weigh about100.    the last time we went to the hospital we got a new doctor.    he put her on buspar.    this changed her and made her less violent.    it made it easier on both of us.    i loved her so much i still cry for her.    she was my mom first then my best friend.    wish i was still with her.    i will join her some day.
I feel that i have made this page from my heart i want peolpe to write a sepcial message to the survours out thereso they no that are thoughts are with thembreast cancer is a lonley sad thing and peolpe shoudnt have to suffer from this scary situationbut anny one that see's this forum please can you write a comment to the suffers like to show that this community is here for them !!xxxxxxxxpink bow
My best friend Female) of almost 50 years is experiencing , what seems to be sundowners syndrome. She is 60 years old and there aren't any other symptons that would lead me to think that she has early-onset AD. She is, however suffering from job-related stress. It seems that around 5 or 6 o'clock in the evening, she begins to have trouble focusing on conversations and some strange episodes of memory loss. Without being too wordy, I'll try to describe a few examples:1) As she started to take a loaf of bread out of a grocery sack, her stepson asked her if she had bought bread, to which she replied \No, I'm sorry. I forgot.\ By this time, she was holding the bread in full view.2)My husband and I were at her (and her husband's) house for a short visit. We were there for about 30 minutes just sitting and talking. After the 30 minutes she and I went into the kitchen for something and after about 2 minutes she asked if I wanted to stay for a few minutes- as if I had just walked in the door.3) At a 4th of July cookout at her house the other day, I put out a container of strawberries and some chocolate dipping sauce. Her older sister and I were discussing its decadance (my friend right ther looking into the container of strawberries). Her sister remarked how good they (the strawberries) looked to which my friend remarked \mmm- what are they? Her sister made a joke out of it and just gave me a quizzical glance.In addition to these examples, when evening rolls around, she also gets a blank look on her face with kind of a painted-on smile and seems to have medium degree of    difficulty keeping up with conversations (i.e short, uncertain responses, very little vocal contributions, etc.)What I'm wondering is, could this be stress-related sundowning or something else? Her short-term memory seems fine and her only health issues are arthritis and obesity as well as complaing os always being tired and stressed out from work- nursing in a private practice. Any suggestions? MKSalem
I was researching something and came across this interesting tidbit - smokers are half as likely to get the disease as non-smokers. It has to do with nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
How could you detect if you are having an Alzheimer's Disease without consulting your doctor? This is so, because there are times when I am pretty sure that I know somebody who is closed to me but, there are times which I could not outright recall his name immediately, for short, it will take a couple of minutes before I could remember his name. Are there some medications which needs to take in to ensure my memory won't get worse? Please help me before it got worst? Thank you.
My 79 year old father is struggling with Alzheimer√¢ Ä ôs.He is currently taking the following meds:simvastatin (20 MG once a day)warfarin sodium (6 MG once a day)namenda (10 MG twice a day)enalapril maleate (20 MG once a day)exelon (9.5 MG 24 hr patch once a day)B-12 (2000 MCG once a day)Should these meds be taken with food?How does coffee affect these meds?What is the best way to take each of these meds?
Hi, Im 22 years old and I am having short term memory loss. Ive read up on it, and for the record, im not on drugs, no std's, no trauma to the head, and ive never been pregnant. I forget entire conversations ive had, i forget im cooking, i completley forget a lot of movies ive seen, i could watch them again, and feel for the most part that ive never seen it. I forget small things like when im supposed to be somewhere or where i put something, even if i tell myself, \remember to do this\, or \remember where you put that\, like a hiding spot or something. Its weird.. and part of me thinks my life is busy.. its normal to forget things, but than when I have my mom and my friends, asking me with a serious face if i remember this or that and than telling me that there might be something wrong, than I second guess the situation. So, am I normal, or could this be something to get checked out? Also, what might this be from, if anything. Any information would be greatly appreciated....thank you!
I have been doing research on brain Lesions. One article said alzheimer's patients can have them.    I have had 4 MRI's I have brain lesions on my brain. Each MRI the lesions have not changed. The MS dr does not want to diagnose me. so I'm trying to find out more. My Great grandpa, Great grandma, Grandpa, two of his sisters and one daughter have or had all been diagnosed with ALzheimer's and no none of them had atopsys because they were diagnosed with it so we did not think they needed on. I    quess the main thing I'm asking is what are the posibilitie that what I have could be alzheimer's?
can someone please tell me the first signs of alzhemers to look for i think that my mama has this disease and i need to no what to look for so i will get the dr to have her checked out
Based on a study done last year looks like they found that more magnesium in the brain helps with short term and long term memory.\Magnesium is essential for the proper functioning of many tissues in the body, including the brain and, in an earlier study, we demonstrated that magnesium promoted synaptic plasticity in cultured brain cells,\ - Professor Guosong Liu, Director of the Center for Learning and Memory at Tsinghua University in BeijingHere is the original article:Magnesium Supplement Helps Boost Brainpowerhttp://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/01/100127121524.htmHere is the original study published:Enhancement of Learning and Memory by Elevating Brain Magnesiumhttp://download.cell.com/neuron/pdf/PIIS0896627309010447.pdf?intermediate=trueAnyone believe in this stuff, looks like only the specific magnesium l-threonate helps with increasing magnesium levels in the brain? I am a bit skeptical but looks promising. Anyone have any idea on how magnesium affect the brain? Or even where we can find this stuff? Only thing I found was a few forum topics and these guyswww.mlt500.com
HiI'm very worried about my girlfriend. She occasionally forgets words (she notices this) and also mixes words up - he/she - knife/fork. I should point out that English is not her first language, but she tells me she sometimes forgets words in polish too, and she never used to do this before.Recently she seems to forget things, like her phone or keys.She has been to the doctor and scored perfectly on the cognitive test - Count backwards from 100 by deducting 7 - Remember these three items - What is the date? -    Those kind of things.The doctor has ordered blood tests (Thyroid - blood count - liver function - and some others) But we haven't had the results yet.She has recently started a new business (investing her own money) and I know that this is a stress on her. Although she never acts stressed or tells me she feels stressed.Has anyone gone through anything similar? I am so worried that she is getting worse.Thanks,Paul
can u please give the example of cognitive symptom.
My father has been a Altzheimer's facility for one year and was diagnosed a little over 2 years ago with the disease. .    Last night on the phone he was so clear and knew who I was and wanted to \go home\.    Why does this happen.    One moment he is in \la la land\ and the next moment he is so clear.    He is in Stage 6 - I thought this doesn't happen in Stage 6.
Elderly Mom on Zoloft and Risperdalby Tinkerbell920, 4 minutes agoMy mom is 93 years old and about 95 pounds. She very thin and frail and her memory has decreased rapidly in a few weeks. She suffers from depression, and is (without meds) obsessive-compulsive. Without meds she had a horrible temper and would argue about every little thing. Extremely stubborn and independent. Now she is in a nursing home after numerous falls, and never adjusted until a psychiatrist was brought in last year. She was on Effexor, and he discontinued that and started her on Risperdal 3 days ago .25mg. once a day, and Zoloft 50 mg once a day. My primary concern is her failing memory. I don't understand why Aricept wasn't started also.    2 questions:Is she too old to benefit from Aricept for memory? and I read that Risperdol can be dangerous for elderly suffering from demensia. Can her low dose of .25 mg be dangerous as she has angina, but her cardiologist who is great gave the ok to the psychiatrist's new meds. Any advice would be so appreciated. I just keep reading about all these terrible side effects and I will be doing the monitoring of any changes. Thanks
There is a brand new drug that is being tested now.    It was recently on the news.    What is the name and how much progress has been made with it?
any new treatments to slow progression
Hi I am a 21 year old female. I have a lot of trouble remembering things; for example I will be answering someone's question and forget halfway through answering it what the question was, or I will forget a conversation happened or an event. I often find myself spending a long time thinking of a simple word, i.e in the cat sat on the mat I could find myself unable to remember the word mat. My great grandma on my mum's side had Alzheimers as did my grandma and I am worried that I am getting it too as I have been told it can be more likely if there is a history of it in your family. Do you think I am showing signs of Alzheimers, and is there anything that I can do to lessen my chances of getting it?Thank you in advance,Tazinijif
can \non-specific white matter\ in an MRI be a sign of early onset alzheimers disease?    this coupled with fuzzy memory and lack of attention, can't find the right words, bumping into things.    no history of this in my family however.thanks.    r
My mom's feet, arms, lips burn so badly that I have to put cold cloths on her for relief.    She is 89 years old.    Doctors are unable to diagnose.    Someone please help me.
Can you name the    latest drug being looked at to treat this disease?
Does amitriptyline react badly with metformin
Im 18 years old and have recently been having a strange sensation. It's difficult to describe, but Im going to give it try. The first symptom is frequently becoming suddenly aware of my surroundings. The only thing I can compare this to is standing up too quickly and \browning out\. The sensation you get the instant you return from the blackout is what I'm experiencing. If i think about it, Im able to recall all of the details of how i got where I am. However, the strange part is that it doesn't feel like it was part of the same moment, but instead like I'm trying to recall yesterdays events. Its like a brief lapse in my short term memory. Having to consciously try to remember the previous events and there significance in my life is very unsettling.The second symptom is that live events don't fully register with my brain. Life feels much more like a movie than reality, and I have almost zero sense of self. I will be in a place and every so often it will occur to me that the event is actually taking place. I should state however that Im in no way depressed, just that nothing quite feels real. Physical exercise seems to temporarily stop all of the above symptoms, and Im active as often as possible.I know Im not giving you much to work with, but any advice would be helpful. Im basically asking if you think something is wrong, or if Im just becoming an adult.Much Thanks
I have had memory loss over the past 2 years, I'm a 47 yr. old female.    There are things I don't remember in the recent past and no matter how hard I try the memory doesn't come back. I have always been excellent in math, most of the time knowing an answer in my head so fast it surprised even me. Lately I can't even do simple math in my head and alot of times not on paper. I have called a family member by a different name the whole day but the next day I wouldn't even remember doing it.    I had a CT Scan of my brain and it showed brain shrinkage. The DR. told me about it but said don't worry I'm not saying you will get Alzheimer's.    My question is, does anyone know about Brain shrinkage and is it a symptom of the disease?
When will Namenda XR be available in the US
Hi,Please join me in welcoming Heartfluttersflyawayplz as your new Community Leader for the Alzheimer's Disease Community.     Heartfluttersflyawayplz has helped many people on the community, and we look forward to her working to help your Community continue to improve and grow.CherylMedHelp Community Mgr
my 60 yr old sister just received a diagnosis of probable alzheimers.    I am uncomfortable with this information/diagnosis and believe it is premature.    I am not EXACTLY sure these were the words used by the Dr, or just what her mind heard.    The Dr did a brain scan (not sure which type) and found spots on her brain.    He stated these spots may be due to small strokes which she suffered -at some time in her life- and intends to do additional testing(in attempt to determine the cause of the spots).    She has demonstrated    small levels of forgetfulness through the years, slightly increasing, but not to the point that it is affecting her functionality. She has ALWAYS been a bit 'scatter-brained' and she and her husband feel it has gotten worse.    The rest of the family, who do not see her regularily, have noticed a slight change when she is stressed only. Our father passed away 3 years ago from cancer (at 80) and had been diagnosed with Alzheimers 4 years earlier. His symptoms were obvious but he was still living at home with assistance from his wife. I am concerned that my sister, is using Dad's diagnosis as a fatalistic prognosis without waiting for a full/complete work up.    What can be told by brain spots?    What additional testing should we expect to see?    What reading is available for me to research Alzheimer diagnostics? She has not told the whole family 'until she gets the rest of the testing done', which I agree with.    I just wish she would wait for the tests too.    She believes she has alzheimers and consequently is very depressed.    I would like to help her open her mind to possible alternate diagnosis-at least until a more conclusive diagnosis can be made and other causes eliminated.
Is there anything i can do? My docter took me off my suboxone after being on it for a year and a half 16mg a day cold turkey because i couldnt afford to pay for the visits and medications anylonger
WHAT TO DO ABOUT SEEING IF YOU HAVE ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE
looking for tuberculosis expert
so as i sit and look at my sweet mom and its getting close to mothers day, it makes me very sad, but happy that i still have her. i try everyday to make her life a little better . with a extra long hug or lets go out for breakefast, she does not do much anymore its taking over her body but just a small hug or smile or touch makes her day better.for mothers day am going to buy her a new gown, she stays in them a lot and loves pink so thats what i will get    her , and take her out for dinner.what are ya going to do for your loved one?i hope all the mothers on here havea stress free day and enjoy family. GOD BLESS YA ALL.
i just posted my first question.    Will this go to MD's or just a community forum?
Can a very intelligent person hide his Altzheimer's for a long,long time?
A lot of points have to be touched, and I have to mention a few points so I will try to make this short. At my early days of 13 - 16 I was doing drugs heavily. I've always laughed how I've never gotten an after effect. I know I suffered from a memory loss at a young age because I blacked out most of my youth from 8 - 17. Nowadays, which is only 5 years later I can hardly remember what I did last night, what I ate at yesterday's breakfast. In the past few months I've been unemployed and I am not sure if these are common signs of depression but I lost most of my friends, and I rarely leave the house. When my wife mentions something that I forget, I always panic and try to hide it which resolves us in getting into a fight.Is there anything I can do to practice on memory loss?
Where can I find a diopter test for Spanish speakers?
anyone have ideals, to keep her busy. like what have you done. anyone want to share
I once heard there may be a link to between sleep apnea and alzheimers.    Is there any information supporting this or just a rumor.
Approximaty how many americans have alzheimer disease?
Hi,    can anyone recommend a player that would be appropriate for my 80 yr old dad to be able to use? he just recently went to the nursing home for the first time and most likely will be staying and i would like to find something that he can use without difficulty. guess that goes without saying. he has brain damage from previous sport injuries as well as alzheimers.thanx
My 80 year old mother is extremly alert and healthy otherwise. However lately she complains of NOT being able to enunciate her complete thought. She KNOWS what she wants to say but her speech just \locks up\ in mid-sentence. What do you think?
My mom says that there is something in her house and it's destroying it. Neither I nor anyone else has seen anything or any damage. Is this a symptom Alzheimer's
I am a 56 year old woman living    in the northern mid west.    Up here our winters tend to be cloudy and sunshine is the exception not the rule.    I have noticed the older I get, the more 'blue' days I experience.    I am in fairly good health with the exception of lower back issues.    I have degenerative disk disease for which I am undergoing pain management. I have an internal neuro-stimulator, wear fentanyl patches and use hydrocodon for break through pain.    I feel more pain when I get cold and consequently do not like to be outside at this time of the year.    Unfortunately I experience functional/depression- not sure that is an offocial thing but sums up my state.    I know I am depressed but can meet the basic requirements of my dialy living.    I find that I must force myself to go out and usually do so only when I can not avoid it.    This is beginning to affect the relationship with my husband.    I know there are many times that we would socialize if not for me 'not feeling well'.    I do not feel like this during the summer months, or when we vacation to warmer climates during the winter months.    I am physical when it is warmer.    I golf, garden, walk, etc.    I am wondering if this depression could be tied to sunlight deficiency or if it is just cold winter blues.    Any suggestions?
My wife is 68 and has m.s. she takes prozac,lorazepam for nerves and sleeping,seroquel for major mood swings and now aricept. Is this to much medicine to take together.
My grandpa has alzheimers and we know he has it and it is getting pretty severe. He was diagnosed in South Carolina but we are having a hard time getting a hold of his records from SC. He is now living with my mom here in Texas and she is trying to take care of him. The problem is she works long hours so she relies on me to take care of him when I get home from work. I do without any complaints, but I really need her to stand up to him and tell him things he shouldn't be doing anymore, for example driving!He insisted on driving himself to the dentist yesterday and to the doctor today. Just to make sure he makes it ok I have to play stocker and follow him to and from the dentist. I also had to call the dentist and make sure he didn't write the check for more than what we had already agreed on.Then there is the constant accusations that me, my DH, and my children are stealing from him and tearing up his stuff. Which none of this is true. He told my mom that while they had his car in the shop we went and stole parts off of his car to fix mine. 
Found this while surfing:Living out our purpose it is what we most deeply desire...what makes us fully human.Researchers are now seeing an intriguing link between living with purpose and end-of-life mental health. Today's news:ABC News: Purpose in Life Can Stave Off Alzheimer'sUS News and World Report: A Purposeful Life May Stave Off Alzheimer'sDr. Oz on Alzheimer's:Recap of Dr. Oz's TV show on Alzheimers: 4 warning signs and 3-step plan for prevention by Oklahoma City's Natural Health examinerhttp://www.examiner.com/x-23880-Life-Purpose--Calling-Examiner~y2010m3d2-A-purposeful-life-may-stave-off-Alzheimers
My 83 year old mother was \sort of\ diagnosed with Alzheimer's.    Her regular GP told her she had it and gave her a daily med.    She has been on it for about 3 years and she certainly seems to me to have Alzheimer's.    She lives with my father and he has started being with her almost all the time.    I don't feel like he is very honest with me about what is going on.    He tells me they have \interesting conversations\ and she cannot cook any more because she burns food on the stove and in the microwave.    He says he is doing all the cooking.    I take them out to lunch once a week and talk to my Mom everyday, sometimes several times a day, and we get together for family things a lot,    Sometimes when I talk to her she doesn't make sense and then sometimes she seems normal.    She has a knee problem and is prone to falling and walks with a shuffle.    Over the winter my son and his wife needed to borrow a car so my Dad offered to let them have my Mom's car saying he could drive her every where.    I was relieved because I don't think she should drive anyway.    She had been limiting herself in the last few years and will only go a few palces, like the grocery and to her hair appointments.    After not driving for about 6 months she got her car back.    I don't think she should be driving at all.    Dad thinks she needs to stay active and she should drive...I am so worried she will have an accident, get lost, or hurt someone.    I don't know what to do.    I personally think she needs to see a neurologist or someone who specializes in this and get a good official diagnosis.    I worry everyday she will get behind the wheel and something very bad will happen.    Can anyone help me???
A week ago I had an odd memory lapse that really frightened me. To give you some back information, I'm a 29 year old female in good health with no family history of Alzheimer's.I was decorating the Christmas tree with my fianc√É ©. He was placing decorations on the tree while I was stringing up the lights. As I was putting the lights on the tree, I came across an ornament. It was a dried starfish with a sand dollar attached to it. I started to say, \Hey, I really like this....\ and then blanked on the word starfish. It took me approximately 15 seconds to remember what I was called. I knew as I was staring at it what it was but I couldn't produce the word.I will admit I'm a bit prone to anxiety and do have a tendency to always think the worst, but could this be an early sign of young-onset Alzheimer's? I haven't had any other major issues such as forgetting appointments or not being able to preform daily tasks. I've had infrequent moments of forgetting someone's name, but then I'm able to recall it after a moment.Is this just a normal bout of a memory lapse? Or should I be more concerned?Thank you.M
Is it usual for an Alzheimer patient to 'pick his nose' all the time?
Any one else helping a    down sydrome adult with Alzheimers?
My doctor has prescribed Half Inderalla for my husbands Alzhiemer's I am a bit concerned
I am 55 years old and my memory seems to be getting much worse lately. I do not know where I put most things. I do not remember some events at times. Movies I can not remember seeing or going certain places with my husband I do not remember. I get very upset at myself when I am constantly looking for things. Everything from keys to shoes to important papers. I still work but must write most things down in order to remember. I had an MRI which showed some    atrophy. A Neurologist stated I had a mild cognitive impairment butit sure does seem major to me. He gave me concerta which does not help being forgetful. This only helps me not to be so tired all the time. What do you think?    What does this atrophy represent?
my Husband was told after his MRI that he had grey matter diease and he looked like he was 80 yrs old. My husband is 54. So what is this telling us, is he prone to Alzheimer, stroke, or ??
My mother is 65. She is terrified of getting AD, because her own mother has it. She has been having very mild memory troubles that may or may not be early symptoms of AD for a couple of years. But the other day, something very different happened to her. She was visiting my brother, and they were talking about her house, when suddenly she couldn't picture her house or anything about it. This lasted almost a minute.She is convinced that this episode means that she does indeed have Alzheimer's. She's going to see a neurologist. But I'm not so sure. From what I've read, it doesn't sound like something that happens to a patient in the very early stages of AD. Sounds more like a TIA or something. Does anyone know? Thanks.
Hello,I have just read something about a new drug against Alzheimer's. It should VerbID study with the nuns have been developed and is called Old-OCW-Clear-Wise. Has anyone already tried this medication? I ask because this looks very promising. Have read about it in nonnenstudie.com.Thanks in advance.
My 87 year old father was recently admitted to a hospital for pneumonia. Unrelated complications occured and he went through a dangerous and traumatic surgery during which his gallbladder was removed. He was in ICU for almost 3 weeks.He was released to a regular room yesterday and I noticed something funny about his cognition. He was confused and even seeing things (not big halluncinations but small things).Today he is completely disoriented and delusional. He wasn't even sure who I was. He has all these paranoid delusions that me, my brother, and my mother (who died three years ago) are trying to sue him for all his money and that he is in prison and I am responsible.In other words he went from about a pre-hospital stay baseline of 95% normal mentality to something less than 15%.I know it isn't Alzheimers (he was cleared of that diagnosis years ago, and I don't know if all these symptoms fit the Alzheimers profile).What I'd like to know from the children of Alzheimers patients, is how do you handle it? Not the interacting with the parent afflicted, but how do you handle the abject cruelty of the disease and the deep deep sorrow and pain. Although we are now waiting for some tests to see what is going on with my dad, I may find myself in the position of having a severely disoriented parent.I am already not handling it well... I couldn't stay with him longer than 30 minutes today. I can't even worry that I am over-reacting because the situation is just as upsetting as I think it is. I have spent the past 10 years taking care of my parents, the last 3 just my father. We are very close and as I said, for 87 he is pretty sharp. Was pretty sharp.As I write this I guess there is no answer. Watching a loved one lose the function of their mind is just the most awful thing ever. No way to get through that unscathed.
my baby was screened and confirmed that he is a g6pd defficient? please tell me about this deffieciency... he is    turning to 3 months on 9th and he is very active and looks healthy... what shoould I do.. he is taking nutrilin, taurex and ceelin vitamins... and his formula is NAN HW ONE...
GoodMorning to All:    wanted to let everyone we are here to talk if you need to, as i have been threw this with my mom it is not easy and takes a lot out of their love ones, so if your caring for a love one who is going threw this please take the time to take care of yourself, eat,get rest and have your time away so that when they need you most you can be there .there was times i just could not go another min, but i did and i was so stressed at times, but than i look at my Moms sweet face and her smile and i knew why i was there and that i had to keep going on her Journey with her. I miss my mom so much and Blessed to have the last 7 years with her in my home. so when it gets hard and your ready to give up. try and remember that its not that persons fault thay are like they are its the Disease and if they could change it they would.love them all you can . GOD BLESS each of you .Barbara
My father has advanced alzheimer's disease.    He doesn't speak and doesn't seem to recognize me when I see him though he responds to affection albeit very slowly.    He is in a nursing home.     He is on Respirdol among other things which slows him even more I suspect.     Would an increase in the frequency of visits make a difference in his memory of me?     Would he know it was even me who was visiting him?     Does he remember me, our past etc?     I realize these are fairly broad questions and there will be a spectrum of possible answers but any facts or opinions would be greatly appreciated.    Many thanks--J
I am 52 years old, just recently I have been having trouble remembering things and having trouble with my speech.    I couldn't remember my husband's middle name or where I use to work.    Every once in awhile I slur my speech or don't make sense.    This just started happening but it doesn't happen frequently. Comes and goes.
I am a active, female of 62 years of age, approx, 14 days ago I fell in the yard and broke 2 cartlidges near my sternum. The pain was bad for about 2 days but seemed to ease up the on my 4th day, I tried swimming on the 5th day, slight pain but on a scale of 1 to 10..... probably a 4...... I continue to have slight pain when getting out of a seated position, my question is ......will this damage me further to swim when I have slight pain or isn't exercise always good,,,,,I usually swim about 3/4 of a mile a day in the summertime which is about 27 laps in the city pool. my friends are threatening no sympathy if I continue to swim before I am completely pain free.    I also bike 2-3 times a week approx..8 miles at a time....I am a little worried about that stresss due to the hills I climb so I have not biked since my accident.    your input would be greatly appreciated.....
What interaction can losartan have when taken with Celebrex?
My nanny is 86 and has had the disease for several years.    She is now hallucinating often.    She hardly ever sleeps.    The drs have her on klonopin and Ativan but nothing helps her sleep.    She has slept two hours in 50.    Is this normal?     Should we try sleeping meds without the drs prescribing it?
My 78-yr-old mom has alzheimers and she has worn these special rings on her thumbs for arthritis for many years.    She says she can't hold anything without them.    She takes them off each night and puts them on in morning.    She was helping me clean the other day and put them in a place other than where she normally puts them, so she's forgotten to put them back on (this was a few days ago).    I noticed last night she hasn't been wearing them and she's picking up glasses to drink from, putting dishes away, etc. all things she's previously said she can't do without the rings.    I can't figure out what's going on with her now - now that she can do everything without the rings.    Is her brain now NOT telling her she has pain?    Thank you
My 58 year old mother was just diagnosed with Early Onset Alzheimer's Disease.    Can anyone give me some advice as to any resources in my area?    I have found a support group for her so far.     We both live in Montgomery County, PA, I live near the border of Bucks and Montgomery counties.
my mom is in icu 8 days on a respirator she has asimi colitis CHF cirohis of the liver low kidney function infection    they are treating her but how long can this go on
4.YOUR WORRY: My parents won't remember to take their medications -- or they'll take the wrong ones.TECH SOLUTION: Automatic pill reminders. By the time a person reaches age 70, says Walker, she's probably taking about 12 medications. The inability to take them unsupervised accounts for up to 40 percent of nursing home admissions. Fortunately, many devices available now can remind your parents to take their pills and keep them from getting their prescriptions scrambled. These range from pillboxes with alarms and timers to services that will send your parents medication reminders by phone, e-mail, or pager. MD.2, for example, is a monitored dispenser that you or a caregiver can load and refill, and your parents can dispense all their pills right on time, with one touch of a button. Rescue Alert will monitor your parents' pillbox electronically and alert a dispatcher if the lid isn't opened when it's supposed to be. Do an Internet search for medication reminder for a tour of the many options and find the one that's the best fit for your parents. Prices vary.
My dad has cirrhosis of the liver caused from a blood clot in his portal vein.    We are accustomed to dealing with personality issues from his ammonia levels.    He was recently diagnosed with moderate Alzs although we think he has been undiagnosed for years.    He is currently hospitalized and physically restrained because he became combative in the nursing home.    His ammonia level was elevated but has come down.    However, the agitation/aggression hasn't changed.     The dr started him on namenda last week.    Has anyone seen this kind of aggression from namenda??    HELP!!
Hi Everyone,Can anyone tell me if A Disease is hereditary.My Grandma passed away at 70 and I feel like I might have the beginning stages because I've been getting forgetful,confused,second questioning myself over the simpliest things I feel stupid,husband asks me to do something I'll forget,can't remember dates ETC.......its very frustrating.So can you tell me what this sounds like to any of you with this disease.And what type of Dr. to see primary or nerosurgeon.What kind of test do they do for this disease?Thank you,Mary
there are times that i dont remember what i did a couple of months ago. and if someone said that i told you that before. is this the first stage of alzheimers?
by vargagirls, 9 minutes agoi hope someone will be able to help me. i'm 52 and go to a pain management/acupuncturist for treatment of sever pain due to two failed back surgeries. i also had a closed head injury and suffer from terrible headaches.    a couple of months ago my dr. added embeda to my pain management regiment. (already taking 8 - 10 percocet 10mg.) she started me on the low dose, next month raised it to 60mg, next month raised it to 80mg. each month i was taking 4 pills 2 am 2 pm. when i got the 80mg i misunderstood the directions and took 2 am and 2 pm instead of one. the additional 80mg. had no effect on me at all. I was not tired or felt different in any way my pain relief was the same as when i was taking 2 60mg. when i told the doctor of my mistake she    was shocked i did not feel tired or have any additional pain relief, she then shocked me when she said she thought i may be suffering from early onset of alzheimer's. she said there must be problems with the transmitters in my brain, a indication of early alzheimer's. i have read everything i can get my hands on but can't find the correlation she spoke of.    there are a couple of other symptoms i have. 7 mo. ago i was in intensive care for anaphylaxis shock, my organs shutting down. a couple of days i recovered and left with no diagnosis of why it happened. i also produce alot of breast milk. does anyone know where i should go from here? or have an idea on what these strange seemingly unrelated symptoms could be.i would be grateful for anyone's help. i'm afraid and do not have anyone to speak to. i do not want to frighten my family until i have a better understanding of what is happening to me.thank you kindly
5.YOUR WORRY: My parents will burn themselves cooking, or leave the stove on and start a fire.TECH SOLUTION: The Safe-T-element Cooking System. This device consists of cover plates you can install over existing stovetop burners that limit how hot they can get and automatically shut off the stove if they reach a certain temperature. Prices vary.
My 96 yr old mother who is cared for by my sister gets real upset and forgetful with the least    stressful situation.Dr. told sis about two years ago that he could not prescribe medicine for her unless she personally agreed that she was having trouble. Is this true with all doctors? We all know there is a problem and feel that some sort of med would greatly improve her quality of life.
Hello,In the last 2-3 years I started to accuse joint pain.I am 23 years old. I have been to many rheumatologists doctors who said they were a more sensitive nature.The last doctor that I was rheumatologists, based on medical history, he diagnosed genetic collagen deficiency, Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.My medical history is- myopia strong right eye of birth, -18, treated by transplantation of the crystal but seeing not returned, in the last 2 years diopter left eye increased from 0 to -2- For 2 years I have several cysts in the breasts- 2 left hip surgery - \Hip Resort, first at 17 years and the second operation at 19 years. I note that between 13-16 years have made athletics-9-10 years ago ago (do not remember exactly) in my left-hand wrist appeared a cyst .At the time the doctor said it was a calcium deposit that will absorb.I wore an elastic band, local treatment with various creams, ointments- for one year the cyst has grown (I guess following a coup at the wrist) so that if I just bit me hard in my hand if I just bend the wrist or support me in it-Spine doctor told me that I have an advanced state of scoliosis and lumbar hiperlodoza-I have joint pain (ankles, knees, shoulders, elbows) who aplifica to cold weather change or just standing at more state on the seat.if I stay in bed with knees bent to my chest hurt both hipsc√Ñ Éutare-- Fatigue almost always (even during periods of leave)-doctor is almost certain that this is why my problem: genetically deficient collagen-We mention that in my family (of my parents knowledge) did not have people with these symptoms or eye problems.My aunt (mother's sister) has high diopters (increased following the birth) and now at 55 years has a diagnosis of rheumatoidI do not know what is important but the father's grandparents were both Alzheimer's diseasein Romania are unfortunately very few doctors geneticsUnfortunately in our country are no tests to confirm the syndrome and the type.I do not know what to do, where to goWe want a child. will transmit the disease if the child or other genetic changes?Where can these tests, how long does it take and how much? In Romania we have medical insurance but I do not think these tests are settledastept cu nerabdare un raspuns     I look forward to a responseThanksIoana NastaseBucharest, Romania
how do you tell your mother thats her husband when she says its not.how do you get your father to accept that his wife of 55 years has this and does not know what shes doing. they fight all the time because he thinks she knows what shes doing?
A study published in the Journal of Alzheimer√¢ Ä ôs Disease concluded that the polyphenols found in grape seeds may be able to ward off the memory loss that√¢ Ä ôs associated with Alzheimer√¢ Ä ôs by naturally reducing levels of beta-amyloid.And for those already suffering with the disease, Researchers say that the natural antioxidant also appears to have the ability to apply the brakes to existing cases of Alzheimer√¢ Ä ôs...in effect delaying the disease from progressing any further.
My mother-in-law is 78 and we believe she has Altzheimers.    My question is whether having altzheimers causes the person to return to extremely negative bahavior (extreme irrational anger, bitterness, stubborness and just plain hatefullness) towards adult children where there had been a reconciliation for 6 years?    She also seems to lack care about the progress of her husband (who is 87) who is in a convelscent center with a broken hip.    My husband indicatesthat she has always been somewhat uncaring towards her five children and has seemed to return to these same reactions.Thank you for any help.............the family is in an uproar without answers.
I've been reading several sites on the web and read that if you have the flu shot a minimum of three years consecutively, you are at a higher risk of Alzheimer. How true is this?    I'm 61yrs old. Thank you.
http://www.jsonline.com/multimedia/video/?bcpid=13960335001&bcplid=null&bctid=194108696001.....I just heard about this on the news this evening.
I'm a 51 year old man.My MRI Scan of Brain diagnosis read :MR reveals few punctuate T2 and FLAIR hyper-intensities in bilateral centrum semiovale.These are isointense on T1 and do not show restricted diffusion on DWI, suggestive of Chronic ischemic Microangiopathc changes.No evidence of acute infaract,hemorrhage,mass lesion,arteriovenous malformations, Chiari malformation/basal invagination or demyelination is seen.The doctor says I have high risk of Alzheimer's in a few years.How high is his risk?How accurate is this diagnosis?
