"I have a 8 yr old son who was diagnosed 1 yr ago with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. He started having seizures when he was 2 yrs old. These seizures were called febrile seizures. I have researched this disease endlessly. The problem I am having with him is his behavior. He had a test done through the school board who found that he is intellectually disabled as well. So he only learns at the age of a 3-4 yr old. Will this ever increase as he gets older or will this get worse? How do we treat his behaviors? The school he is in has done a phenomenal job with him but his violence and aggressiveness is not controlled. Now we're having to look at other means of help. But the waiting lists are so long and I have exhausted all means of help where I live. He has had control of his seizures for about 10 months now which is awesome. Now who do I turn to for help so that my son can get the best education possible.I would also like to know of all of the reasons why and how this disease is caused because it really does confuse me. My son was a normal little boy but seemed to be developmentally delayed in most areas. Especially with his speech. Now I have another little boy who seems to be presenting almost all of the same problems with delayment as my 8 yr old did. My baby has also had a seizure about a year ago. He has speech problems as well. He is going to be two next month and is very inconsistent with his speech. He is receiving help with his speech and physio therapy as well as play therapy to try to catch him up to his age level. Would a baby who has had severe bronchitis with a really high fever and cannot keep anything down from either end be susceptible to getting this type of disease? He was treated at the hospital for his sickness but was never hospitalized. I just need to know how to understand this disease completely. I am also looking to talk with anyone who deals with this disease. It feels so lonely to deal with something so rare and not have a person in the world who understands where you are coming from. Thank you in advance for your responses."
