"Hello! I am a caregiver for an elderly gentleman with Alzheimers.    He is an 88 year old gentleman who is at the end of stage 2 (from what I understand), and I was hired on as a caregiver working 3 days a week. I have been working for this family for about 6 or 7 months now. While I have had a great deal of experience in the caregiver type position (I used to teach pre-school, I also used to work at a treatment center for addictions), I have never had experience with Alzheimers Disease.    I am finding my ability to give care is becoming increasingly more difficult.    I, myself, am dealing with health issues (autoimmune disorder) and the health issues of my mom (kidney & liver failure),    I have also recently started school.    Clearly, I am stressed.    BUT ... I don't think it should be *this* stressful.    I work for a family who is very overextended - trying to juggle their lives, their home (on the opposite side of town), their animals - and are now living with him, juggling his life, his house, his dog, his finances..    It is truly a mess, and I continue to get frustrated because having an objective viewpoint I can see how un-necessarily unmanageable everything is.    They refuse to put him in any type of assisted living (he doesn't want that and made a promise), but at the same time - doesn't there come a point where something has to happen? Like an intervention? There is so much going on, he is not receiving the care he needs, and how often he needs it (doesn't get daily showers, and is now eating/drinking so little that he has been dehydrated and had mid-day blood sugars as low as 39, he has an untreated foot fungus, and he's given choices in which he makes bad choices because he's not capable of making good ones, but its at the expense of others, mostly the health of the pets).     I have really tried voicing my opinion, but very little is done, and everyone's health (mental and physical) is just overextended (including the pets).    I try to keep myself out of it as much as possible, but at the same time I feel angry that I am a part of all of this (and guilty for feeling this way, I mean what do I know - I don't know anything about Alzheimers, I just work for them 3 days a week to give them a break, the family is really good to me... Is it even my place to be feeling this way? Am I justified, or just overreacting?)*Sigh* Well, thanks for listening."
