"I will try to keep this as short as possible... Then answer whatever is asked of me thereafter.Long story short, my stepfathers history, summorized(he's the one who would need placement);1. 30 Years of Type 2 Diabetes that's resulted in 'Extreme' Diabetic Neuropathy in the legs/Muscle Waste2. Severe Spinal Stenosis that has resulted in doubling the trouble with use of legs/DRAMATICALLY increasing the risk of falls/dramatically increasing frequency of urination, up to 25 times in a 24 hour period--12 times during the night, will not wear a catheter.. This is a HUGE burden on my mother and I(which is really 1.5 people caring for his needs, as my mother is 79 and can't help him up, etc.)3. Open heart w/Aortic Valve Replacement and triple bypass in Nov., 2011./He was blacking out, given til Christmas, 2011, to live if he didn't do the surgery.4. Moderately onset Dementia(believe it's vascular, comes and goes, but most times is fairly bad)5. Can barely communicate any longer(knows what he wants to say at times, but it comes out as, \"I, I, I, I, I, I,\" for around 5 minutes, often doesn't come to an answer without lots of fishing/providing 'possibles' for him and is often something like \"I, I, I, I\"-1 MINUTE REPETITION-\"need...10 dollars for a haircut\"... usually he's trying to exclaim how painful his legs are or \"i want to go to bed\" or \"I want to go to the doctor so he can fix my legs\", Etc.6. He's often VERY mean to me and especially to my mother, 79 and also in 'fairly' risky health as well, due to having had a larger stroke and recovered ok, but A-fib and being overweight, etc., as well. He accuses her of sleeping with me and my nephew or whomever she is going out to see/whomever gives her a hug or basically pulls her away from the couch/by his side.I am not overstating when I say that this man is and always has been a HUGE 'narcissist', very self centered and often VERY mean/verbally abusive.Bottom line, I can't manage this care any longer between the two of us... And we are wanting the \"Medical\" system to get involved.(As I understand it, Medicare will use up it's 90Days and then Medical will kick in, under VERY specific conditions)..... As I said, and should have restated... \"He needs to be placed in a 24 hour care facility.\" His children are seemingly only interested in the Will and such, and while his son lives 4 miles away, he's been over here for a total of 3 hours in 6 visits, since December, 2011, when my stepfather returned home.My stepfather's PC Physician, Neurologist and new, the other day visit from a Psychologist, all feel that he is BEYOND ready for placement(Two of them saying, \"Not sure why it would be impossible to catigorize him as 'medically needing placement', Mental/Physical and risk of injury being the calls\"...). When I told them I've been doing this, either directly or on call/live in, for 8 months, 18 hours a day(I have to stay up til 5;30AM or so when My mother wakes to help him to the toilet, otherwise tie him down which would be even more unmanageable), 7 days a week... They all have dropped their jaws and said, \"Mark,.....this is way too much, you're going to end up very ill if you continue this way\".... I AGREE, but my problem is not only myself... I am VERY concerned for my mother..... This is QUICKLY wearing her down to the point of total exhaustion and to where she's passing out throughout the day on the couch, just overwhelmed, etc. I can't allow it to go on... And, to my point.........I DO NOT think, from what I've read/been told by others who've been in my situation.... that Medicare or Medical are going to want to provide \"in home care\"...... Even if they did, it would likely be a few hours a week that we would share the burden of, obviously, under the laws/policies. A few hours a week is not enough....I NEED to get back to 'living my life', and to be honest, can't take any more, emotionally or physically. I'm a Certified Executive Chef, and over the last couple years, I've sacrificed everything, including my career and most of my savings... And in reality, I'm now in Debt! In my understanding, we have to be down to 3K dollars in my mother and husbands accounts? They have annuities, but not enough that it would last past maybe a year or two of in home care co-payment. Not forgetting to mention, they would also be attaching ALL of his Social Security... That would leave only the interest on their annuities to live off of for my mother, paying all the house bills/property taxes, etc.We were told that there are ways to legally prevent them from touching things like annuities, and the house is under a reverse mortgage with NOTHING left of the 'credit line'.... We are meeting with the 'finacial guru's' in our life, over the next week, whom deal with elderly finance, etc.... But we really don't have anyone to represent/guide us through the 'placement requirements', if we can even get them funded by Medical... So I would just REALLY DROP TO MY KNEES in gratitude for any advice on .................\"The best path to ensure that we can get him placed in assisted living\"."
