"My mother is 86 and has dementia. She is on Namenda and also takes a blood thinner and a high blood pressure pill but that is all. I took her into my home when she had either a small seizure or a TIA on the way home from a protime test. I went down to stay the hight with her and she told me she was afraid to stay alone any more. I took her home with me the next day and she has been here several weeks now. We are cleaning out her apartment and will auction off what she does not want to keep. One of my brothers is in Missouri and the other is pouting because she didnt want to move in with his and his wife so he will not talk to her on the phone or help to move her possesions. I had to hire help to move her furniture.When she is under the least bit of stress or gets tired she falls apart. her memory becomeslike swiss cheese and she looks rather wild eyed and moves at a frantic pace. She makes up things in her mind and insists they are true, sort of like false memories. I know they are not correct what she is telling me but if I disagree she becomes angry. She will sit for hours trying to make heads or tales of a EOB and become so frustrated the rest of the day is a bust. If I try to distract her or tell her I will take care of it for her she seems to become dispondant because she can not do it herself.I have no family support on this as one brother is far away and the other is being a nut. He even hung up on her the one time he did talk to her. Why would anyone be so selfish? I keep trying to thinnk of things for her to do, but she doesnt want busy work she wants something important she will say. Yesterday she was having a good day and I left her to run a errand, never again! I came home to find her in a frantic panic. She insisted I had been gone for hours and she was running around the house with the phone in her hand like she was going to call someone but she couldnt remember how to dial it. I had been gone half a hour she insisted it was for hours and hours. The rest of the evening she sat and stared at the floor. She told me she had gotten up and sat in a chair for a long time in the night.my questions is how do you know when it is not safe to keep them at home any longer? I work out of my home so I am here all day long. I rarely get any time alone and when I do leave it is disasterous. I am not sure what to do.I wnat to keep her with me as long as possible, but I see her slipping away at a alarming rate. Non of us realized how badly she was deteriorated until I brought her tolive with me. Her apartment was filthy, not at all like my mother. She had simply gotten beyond it. Can anyone give me some answers as to how to reassure her and as to how to know when I can not keep her here any longer. I worry I will do the wrong thing and something will happen to her. Thank you for any help you can give me or advice."
