"Hi everyone.I am already a member here at Medhelp, however I am new to the Caregivers community. (Thanks Tuckamore!!)I am permanently disabled. My dad is 81 years old, has dementia, diabetes, copd, triple bypass, sleep apnea, chronic pneumonia, he aspirates his food, is    incontinent, oxygen dependent, has short term memory loss due to a coma last Thanksgiving, etc, etc. the list goes on and on. Last Thanksgiving he was in a coma, he had pneumonia and H1N1, he was placed on a respirator and was not expected to live.... but he pulled out of it! (his doctor said he has 10 lives... not 9!)He has no short term memory, so every thing is repeated all day, every day! He was in a nursing home after the hospital and between my mother, brothers and sister we ALL agreed that we could care for him at home if we all pitched in.... that was April! I find that I am the ONLY one aside from my mother who is taking care of him... and it's 24 hours a day! Even though I am disabled due to back and neck injuries, and I am on morphine 24 hours a day I have to sleep in a recliner in the living room because he will wake up at night and wander to the kitchen! He almost always doesn't have his walker, which he will fall down without, however since the walker was given to him AFTER the coma he doesn't remember it. I can't let him \"raid the refrigerator\" because he is a diabetic and often his blood sugar is over 200 with insulin!!I am upset with my siblings. My dad has been home since April yet I am the ONLY one here giving him care 24 hours a day! My mom is 79 and is starting to lose her hearing... she has trouble walking due to ankle problems, she wears braces on both ankles every day. Most recently I have found one of her pills on the floor, three times in two weeks!! She is forgetting things and she becomes angry with dad because he forgets his walker, (and for many other reasons, like the incontinence). She will yell at him and I feel so bad! I end up stepping in and telling her to take a break, now matter how tired I am!! So now it looks like I have to start caring for her also.I guess I came here for some moral support.... I don't know what else to say to my brothers and sister that will get them to realize that I am overwhelmed with all of this! I am thankful that dad survived and I am thankful that we could take him home to pass away. He is now doing better and his doctor said he \"looks better than he has in 10 years\" so I know I am doing a good job but I need a break!! I just know I won't get one!Thanks Tuckamore for letting me know that this caregiver world is here."
