"I'm wondering if anyone has any suggestions about how to handle questions from well-meaning friends and relatives,     while still trying to maintain privacy and dignity.My father, who turns 85 next month, was diagnosed with probable dementia in Feb. (suspected metabolic or vascular) at a special memory clinic. They also suspect, as we have for some time now, that he may have bipolar disorder and/or other mental health condition(s); the doctors recommended more complete neuropsychological testing as a result of the memory assessment measurements/findings, but Dad refused it. He was very angry about the findings of the cognitive testing, mad at me and mean to me because we set up (even though he agreed to the testing), and completely refutes the findings and recommendations. They also determined in Feb. through blood work that he has hypothyroidism, but he refuses to take the prescribed medicine--which also might be impacting his memory, thinking, how he's been feeling which is kind of lousy, etc.He has chosen to move to South America by himself, the country of Guyana, despite serious concerns by family and friends. He has been staying there for more than a year now, and travels back and forth every 2- 3 months. Let's just say this is a very undesirable situation (I could write a book...) Communication with him is unreliable due to cell phone challenges on his end, so friends cannot always reach him when they try calling. Plus, it can be expensive for folks to call him, depending on their landline or cell phone plan (if they can phone him at all), so they don't talk with him nearly as often as they had been when he lived in the US and apparently, not as often as they would like to talk with him.As a result, they call me to ask how he is doing, have I talked with him, what his plans are, etc. Some of the people that call are long-time friends and relatives of my father's (known him 30-75 years); one is a new \"friend\" (Dad keeps talking about going into business with him), someone I don't even know that he's met the past year in Guyana. (He gave him my phone number--albeit without my permission--because until this last visit, he's been staying with my husband and I when he comes back. The man's called twice and I haven't called him back.) I know the long-standing friends/family are concerned about my Dad and genuinely mean well. I have explained he has memory problems and shared a few of the    things that the doctors have said (like that he's supposed to take thyroid medication but he won't) to those he's closest with, but not the probable and suspected diagnoses. I don't think it's my place to do so and he likely would not react well if I shared these diagnoses with them.    It's just very frustrating to me, as I am already upset with many things my father is doing and am trying to keep as detached as possible, for my own mental health sake. It is difficult for me to be diplomatic all the time when people call and ask questions and I don't wish to speak for my Dad--especially to people I have no idea what he's telling. I feel it's rude not to call people back, especially those that specifically request a call back in their voice message. What I end up doing sometimes is calling him and asking him to call them back--sometimes he does, sometimes he doesn't. Then they call me again--haven't heard anything from him...I know my father can't help his behavior, but it feels like I'm dealing with a teenager sometimes.Do I just bite the bullet and tell those closest the probable diagnoses?No one needs to tell us caregivers that dementia is hard on us--but it's got to be hard watching your friends and family you've known all your life (like your cousin) change and feeling powerless to do anything about it. It's just hard for me to be their listening ear and support person. I don't want to talk about the situation with Dad to them. I'm sure that sounds selfish, but in the words of Lily Tomlin, \"and that's the truth.\"Thanks for letting me vent; maybe someone can share what they've found works for them.---Yvette"
